Jeremiah 25:25 "And all the kings of Zimri, and all the kings of Elam, and all the kings of the Medes,"
Ruth 2:6 "And the servant that was set over the reapers answered and said, It is the Moabitish damsel that came back with Naomi out of the country of Moab:"
Matthew 7:26 "And every one that heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them not, shall be likened unto a foolish man, which built his house upon the sand:"
Ecclesiastes 8:12 "Though a sinner do evil an hundred times, and his days be prolonged, yet surely I know that it shall be well with them that fear God, which fear before him:"
Nahum 3:9 "Ethiopia and Egypt were her strength, and it was infinite; Put and Lubim were thy helpers."
Matthew 18:29 "And his fellowservant fell down at his feet, and besought him, saying, Have patience with me, and I will pay thee all."
2 Chronicles 35:6 "So kill the passover, and sanctify yourselves, and prepare your brethren, that they may do according to the word of the LORD by the hand of Moses."
Acts 1:1 "The former treatise have I made, O Theophilus, of all that Jesus began both to do and teach,"
Psalm 119:104 "Through thy precepts I get understanding: therefore I hate every false way."
Psalm 136:16 "To him which led his people through the wilderness: for his mercy endureth for ever."
Jeremiah 32:26 "Then came the word of the LORD unto Jeremiah, saying,"
2 Samuel 23:16 "And the three mighty men brake through the host of the Philistines, and drew water out of the well of Bethlehem, that was by the gate, and took it, and brought it to David: nevertheless he would not drink thereof, but poured it out unto the LORD."
Proverbs 8:2 "She standeth in the top of high places, by the way in the places of the paths."
Psalm 77:3 "I remembered God, and was troubled: I complained, and my spirit was overwhelmed. Selah."
Deuteronomy 24:22 "And thou shalt remember that thou wast a bondman in the land of Egypt: therefore I command thee to do this thing."
Genesis 11:21 "And Reu lived after he begat Serug two hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters."
1 Kings 1:42 "And while he yet spake, behold, Jonathan the son of Abiathar the priest came; and Adonijah said unto him, Come in; for thou art a valiant man, and bringest good tidings."
Luke 7:48 "And he said unto her, Thy sins are forgiven."
Romans 14:2 "For one believeth that he may eat all things: another, who is weak, eateth herbs."
Judges 8:9 "And he spake also unto the men of Penuel, saying, When I come again in peace, I will break down this tower."
1 Chronicles 16:34 "O give thanks unto the LORD; for he is good; for his mercy endureth for ever."
Ezra 9:9 "For we were bondmen; yet our God hath not forsaken us in our bondage, but hath extended mercy unto us in the sight of the kings of Persia, to give us a reviving, to set up the house of our God, and to repair the desolations thereof, and to give us a wall in Judah and in Jerusalem."
1 Kings 4:27 "And those officers provided victual for king Solomon, and for all that came unto king Solomon's table, every man in his month: they lacked nothing."
Numbers 25:15 "And the name of the Midianitish woman that was slain was Cozbi, the daughter of Zur; he was head over a people, and of a chief house in Midian."
Deuteronomy 11:26 "Behold, I set before you this day a blessing and a curse;"
Acts 11:28 "And there stood up one of them named Agabus, and signified by the Spirit that there should be great dearth throughout all the world: which came to pass in the days of Claudius Caesar."
Matthew 22:17 "Tell us therefore, What thinkest thou? Is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar, or not?"
Proverbs 7:6 "For at the window of my house I looked through my casement,"
Exodus 23:33 "They shall not dwell in thy land, lest they make thee sin against me: for if thou serve their gods, it will surely be a snare unto thee."
Leviticus 26:13 "I am the LORD your God, which brought you forth out of the land of Egypt, that ye should not be their bondmen; and I have broken the bands of your yoke, and made you go upright."
Luke 5:13 "And he put forth his hand, and touched him, saying, I will: be thou clean. And immediately the leprosy departed from him."
2 Samuel 10:12 "Be of good courage, and let us play the men for our people, and for the cities of our God: and the LORD do that which seemeth him good."
Genesis 31:26 "And Laban said to Jacob, What hast thou done, that thou hast stolen away unawares to me, and carried away my daughters, as captives taken with the sword?"
2 Chronicles 20:27 "Then they returned, every man of Judah and Jerusalem, and Jehoshaphat in the forefront of them, to go again to Jerusalem with joy; for the LORD had made them to rejoice over their enemies."
Ezekiel 21:22 "At his right hand was the divination for Jerusalem, to appoint captains, to open the mouth in the slaughter, to lift up the voice with shouting, to appoint battering rams against the gates, to cast a mount, and to build a fort."
Joshua 4:18 "And it came to pass, when the priests that bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD were come up out of the midst of Jordan, and the soles of the priests' feet were lifted up unto the dry land, that the waters of Jordan returned unto their place, and flowed over all his banks, as they did before."
Jeremiah 49:31 "Arise, get you up unto the wealthy nation, that dwelleth without care, saith the LORD, which have neither gates nor bars, which dwell alone."
Revelation 21:24 "And the nations of them which are saved shall walk in the light of it: and the kings of the earth do bring their glory and honour into it."
Exodus 36:21 "The length of a board was ten cubits, and the breadth of a board one cubit and a half."
Mark 9:23 "Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth."
Micah 2:7 "O thou that art named the house of Jacob, is the spirit of the LORD straitened? are these his doings? do not my words do good to him that walketh uprightly?"
2 Chronicles 25:15 "Wherefore the anger of the LORD was kindled against Amaziah, and he sent unto him a prophet, which said unto him, Why hast thou sought after the gods of the people, which could not deliver their own people out of thine hand?"
1 Samuel 28:14 "And he said unto her, What form is he of? And she said, An old man cometh up; and he is covered with a mantle. And Saul perceived that it was Samuel, and he stooped with his face to the ground, and bowed himself."
Luke 23:56 "And they returned, and prepared spices and ointments; and rested the sabbath day according to the commandment."
Jeremiah 4:16 "Make ye mention to the nations; behold, publish against Jerusalem, that watchers come from a far country, and give out their voice against the cities of Judah."
1 Samuel 4:15 "Now Eli was ninety and eight years old; and his eyes were dim, that he could not see."
1 Kings 18:11 "And now thou sayest, Go, tell thy lord, Behold, Elijah is here."
Romans 8:16 "The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit, that we are the children of God:"
Matthew 13:15 "For this people's heart is waxed gross, and their ears are dull of hearing, and their eyes they have closed; lest at any time they should see with their eyes and hear with their ears, and should understand with their heart, and should be converted, and I should heal them."
Jeremiah 21:5 "And I myself will fight against you with an outstretched hand and with a strong arm, even in anger, and in fury, and in great wrath."
Mark 9:19 "He answereth him, and saith, O faithless generation, how long shall I be with you? how long shall I suffer you? bring him unto me."
Ezekiel 15:3 "Shall wood be taken thereof to do any work? or will men take a pin of it to hang any vessel thereon?"
Philippians 3:12 "Not as though I had already attained, either were already perfect: but I follow after, if that I may apprehend that for which also I am apprehended of Christ Jesus."
1 Samuel 5:10 "Therefore they sent the ark of God to Ekron. And it came to pass, as the ark of God came to Ekron, that the Ekronites cried out, saying, They have brought about the ark of the God of Israel to us, to slay us and our people."
Exodus 37:26 "And he overlaid it with pure gold, both the top of it, and the sides thereof round about, and the horns of it: also he made unto it a crown of gold round about."
Exodus 9:19 "Send therefore now, and gather thy cattle, and all that thou hast in the field; for upon every man and beast which shall be found in the field, and shall not be brought home, the hail shall come down upon them, and they shall die."
Deuteronomy 28:57 "And toward her young one that cometh out from between her feet, and toward her children which she shall bear: for she shall eat them for want of all things secretly in the siege and straitness, wherewith thine enemy shall distress thee in thy gates."
Isaiah 65:15 "And ye shall leave your name for a curse unto my chosen: for the Lord GOD shall slay thee, and call his servants by another name:"
Amos 5:23 "Take thou away from me the noise of thy songs; for I will not hear the melody of thy viols."
Psalm 119:131 "I opened my mouth, and panted: for I longed for thy commandments."
Matthew 7:27 "And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat upon that house; and it fell: and great was the fall of it."
Proverbs 3:31 "Envy thou not the oppressor, and choose none of his ways."
1 Chronicles 6:59 "And Ashan with her suburbs, and Bethshemesh with her suburbs:"
Luke 19:35 "And they brought him to Jesus: and they cast their garments upon the colt, and they set Jesus thereon."
Exodus 14:15 "And the LORD said unto Moses, Wherefore criest thou unto me? speak unto the children of Israel, that they go forward:"
2 Kings 15:16 "Then Menahem smote Tiphsah, and all that were therein, and the coasts thereof from Tirzah: because they opened not to him, therefore he smote it; and all the women therein that were with child he ripped up."
John 21:3 "Simon Peter saith unto them, I go a fishing. They say unto him, We also go with thee. They went forth, and entered into a ship immediately; and that night they caught nothing."
Luke 11:50 "That the blood of all the prophets, which was shed from the foundation of the world, may be required of this generation;"
Luke 16:29 "Abraham saith unto him, They have Moses and the prophets; let them hear them."
Ezekiel 44:27 "And in the day that he goeth into the sanctuary, unto the inner court, to minister in the sanctuary, he shall offer his sin offering, saith the Lord GOD."
John 6:31 "Our fathers did eat manna in the desert; as it is written, He gave them bread from heaven to eat."
Esther 1:11 "To bring Vashti the queen before the king with the crown royal, to shew the people and the princes her beauty: for she was fair to look on."
Judges 20:16 "Among all this people there were seven hundred chosen men lefthanded; every one could sling stones at an hair breadth, and not miss."
Isaiah 54:10 "For the mountains shall depart, and the hills be removed; but my kindness shall not depart from thee, neither shall the covenant of my peace be removed, saith the LORD that hath mercy on thee."
Acts 27:43 "But the centurion, willing to save Paul, kept them from their purpose; and commanded that they which could swim should cast themselves first into the sea, and get to land:"
1 Kings 14:20 "And the days which Jeroboam reigned were two and twenty years: and he slept with his fathers, and Nadab his son reigned in his stead."
2 Chronicles 19:2 "And Jehu the son of Hanani the seer went out to meet him, and said to king Jehoshaphat, Shouldest thou help the ungodly, and love them that hate the LORD? therefore is wrath upon thee from before the LORD."
Esther 9:11 "On that day the number of those that were slain in Shushan the palace was brought before the king."
1 Chronicles 24:10 "The seventh to Hakkoz, the eighth to Abijah,"
Luke 15:17 "And when he came to himself, he said, How many hired servants of my father's have bread enough and to spare, and I perish with hunger!"
Deuteronomy 25:16 "For all that do such things, and all that do unrighteously, are an abomination unto the LORD thy God."
Mark 15:42 "And now when the even was come, because it was the preparation, that is, the day before the sabbath,"
Deuteronomy 16:7 "And thou shalt roast and eat it in the place which the LORD thy God shall choose: and thou shalt turn in the morning, and go unto thy tents."
1 Chronicles 16:6 "Benaiah also and Jahaziel the priests with trumpets continually before the ark of the covenant of God."
Genesis 9:10 "And with every living creature that is with you, of the fowl, of the cattle, and of every beast of the earth with you; from all that go out of the ark, to every beast of the earth."
Luke 19:1 "And Jesus entered and passed through Jericho."
Psalm 91:2 "I will say of the LORD, He is my refuge and my fortress: my God; in him will I trust."
1 Samuel 21:1 "Then came David to Nob to Ahimelech the priest: and Ahimelech was afraid at the meeting of David, and said unto him, Why art thou alone, and no man with thee?"
Romans 4:3 "For what saith the scripture? Abraham believed God, and it was counted unto him for righteousness."
2 Kings 13:8 "Now the rest of the acts of Jehoahaz, and all that he did, and his might, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?"
Acts 15:34 "Notwithstanding it pleased Silas to abide there still."
Psalm 74:17 "Thou hast set all the borders of the earth: thou hast made summer and winter."
Philippians 1:12 "But I would ye should understand, brethren, that the things which happened unto me have fallen out rather unto the furtherance of the gospel;"
Numbers 20:27 "And Moses did as the LORD commanded: and they went up into mount Hor in the sight of all the congregation."
Lamentations 3:63 "Behold their sitting down, and their rising up; I am their musick."
2 Chronicles 18:33 "And a certain man drew a bow at a venture, and smote the king of Israel between the joints of the harness: therefore he said to his chariot man, Turn thine hand, that thou mayest carry me out of the host; for I am wounded."
Isaiah 21:4 "My heart panted, fearfulness affrighted me: the night of my pleasure hath he turned into fear unto me."
Proverbs 15:8 "The sacrifice of the wicked is an abomination to the LORD: but the prayer of the upright is his delight."
Ezekiel 7:8 "Now will I shortly pour out my fury upon thee, and accomplish mine anger upon thee: and I will judge thee according to thy ways, and will recompense thee for all thine abominations."
Numbers 15:4 "Then shall he that offereth his offering unto the LORD bring a meat offering of a tenth deal of flour mingled with the fourth part of an hin of oil."
Proverbs 24:26 "Every man shall kiss his lips that giveth a right answer."
John 20:21 "Then said Jesus to them again, Peace be unto you: as my Father hath sent me, even so send I you."
Matthew 28:3 "His countenance was like lightning, and his raiment white as snow:"
Numbers 26:43 "All the families of the Shuhamites, according to those that were numbered of them, were threescore and four thousand and four hundred."
Psalm 39:5 "Behold, thou hast made my days as an handbreadth; and mine age is as nothing before thee: verily every man at his best state is altogether vanity. Selah."
Matthew 7:4 "Or how wilt thou say to thy brother, Let me pull out the mote out of thine eye; and, behold, a beam is in thine own eye?"
Job 35:11 "Who teacheth us more than the beasts of the earth, and maketh us wiser than the fowls of heaven?"
Genesis 8:2 "The fountains also of the deep and the windows of heaven were stopped, and the rain from heaven was restrained;"
Acts 1:15 "And in those days Peter stood up in the midst of the disciples, and said, (the number of names together were about an hundred and twenty,)"
Ezekiel 19:14 "And fire is gone out of a rod of her branches, which hath devoured her fruit, so that she hath no strong rod to be a sceptre to rule. This is a lamentation, and shall be for a lamentation."
1 Kings 8:51 "For they be thy people, and thine inheritance, which thou broughtest forth out of Egypt, from the midst of the furnace of iron:"
Proverbs 20:5 "Counsel in the heart of man is like deep water; but a man of understanding will draw it out."
Nehemiah 10:34 "And we cast the lots among the priests, the Levites, and the people, for the wood offering, to bring it into the house of our God, after the houses of our fathers, at times appointed year by year, to burn upon the altar of the LORD our God, as it is written in the law:"
Isaiah 24:23 "Then the moon shall be confounded, and the sun ashamed, when the LORD of hosts shall reign in mount Zion, and in Jerusalem, and before his ancients gloriously."
Exodus 12:8 "And they shall eat the flesh in that night, roast with fire, and unleavened bread; and with bitter herbs they shall eat it."
1 Corinthians 4:17 "For this cause have I sent unto you Timotheus, who is my beloved son, and faithful in the Lord, who shall bring you into remembrance of my ways which be in Christ, as I teach every where in every church."
Genesis 33:12 "And he said, Let us take our journey, and let us go, and I will go before thee."
Leviticus 14:55 "And for the leprosy of a garment, and of a house,"
Jeremiah 51:24 "And I will render unto Babylon and to all the inhabitants of Chaldea all their evil that they have done in Zion in your sight, saith the LORD."
Ruth 3:2 "And now is not Boaz of our kindred, with whose maidens thou wast? Behold, he winnoweth barley to night in the threshingfloor."
Psalm 101:8 "I will early destroy all the wicked of the land; that I may cut off all wicked doers from the city of the LORD."
Nehemiah 12:5 "Miamin, Maadiah, Bilgah,"
Leviticus 11:17 "And the little owl, and the cormorant, and the great owl,"
1 Kings 8:13 "I have surely built thee an house to dwell in, a settled place for thee to abide in for ever."
Exodus 29:10 "And thou shalt cause a bullock to be brought before the tabernacle of the congregation: and Aaron and his sons shall put their hands upon the head of the bullock."
Revelation 3:20 "Behold, I stand at the door, and knock: if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him, and he with me."
Romans 8:1 "There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit."
John 8:20 "These words spake Jesus in the treasury, as he taught in the temple: and no man laid hands on him; for his hour was not yet come."
Deuteronomy 27:7 "And thou shalt offer peace offerings, and shalt eat there, and rejoice before the LORD thy God."
Psalm 140:6 "I said unto the LORD, Thou art my God: hear the voice of my supplications, O LORD."
Leviticus 25:15 "According to the number of years after the jubilee thou shalt buy of thy neighbor, and according unto the number of years of the fruits he shall sell unto thee:"
Proverbs 2:12 "To deliver thee from the way of the evil man, from the man that speaketh froward things;"
1 Kings 2:33 "Their blood shall therefore return upon the head of Joab, and upon the head of his seed for ever: but upon David, and upon his seed, and upon his house, and upon his throne, shall there be peace for ever from the LORD."
Lamentations 2:17 "The LORD hath done that which he had devised; he hath fulfilled his word that he had commanded in the days of old: he hath thrown down, and hath not pitied: and he hath caused thine enemy to rejoice over thee, he hath set up the horn of thine adversaries."
Luke 15:30 "But as soon as this thy son was come, which hath devoured thy living with harlots, thou hast killed for him the fatted calf."
Acts 4:3 "And they laid hands on them, and put them in hold unto the next day: for it was now eventide."
1 Kings 18:16 "So Obadiah went to meet Ahab, and told him: and Ahab went to meet Elijah."
Ezra 10:16 "And the children of the captivity did so. And Ezra the priest, with certain chief of the fathers, after the house of their fathers, and all of them by their names, were separated, and sat down in the first day of the tenth month to examine the matter."
Romans 10:11 "For the scripture saith, Whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed."
Luke 17:5 "And the apostles said unto the Lord, Increase our faith."
Leviticus 23:8 "But ye shall offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD seven days: in the seventh day is an holy convocation: ye shall do no servile work therein."
Ezekiel 37:24 "And David my servant shall be king over them; and they all shall have one shepherd: they shall also walk in my judgments, and observe my statutes, and do them."
1 Kings 10:6 "And she said to the king, It was a true report that I heard in mine own land of thy acts and of thy wisdom."
Deuteronomy 1:9 "And I spake unto you at that time, saying, I am not able to bear you myself alone:"
1 Samuel 19:6 "And Saul hearkened unto the voice of Jonathan: and Saul sware, As the LORD liveth, he shall not be slain."
1 Samuel 4:20 "And about the time of her death the women that stood by her said unto her, Fear not; for thou hast born a son. But she answered not, neither did she regard it."
Matthew 17:12 "But I say unto you, That Elias is come already, and they knew him not, but have done unto him whatsoever they listed. Likewise shall also the Son of man suffer of them."
Revelation 3:16 "So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee out of my mouth."
Luke 8:6 "And some fell upon a rock; and as soon as it was sprung up, it withered away, because it lacked moisture."
Numbers 13:20 "And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes."
John 10:27 "My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they follow me:"
Daniel 5:15 "And now the wise men, the astrologers, have been brought in before me, that they should read this writing, and make known unto me the interpretation thereof: but they could not shew the interpretation of the thing:"
2 Samuel 10:18 "And the Syrians fled before Israel; and David slew the men of seven hundred chariots of the Syrians, and forty thousand horsemen, and smote Shobach the captain of their host, who died there."
1 Peter 4:14 "If ye be reproached for the name of Christ, happy are ye; for the spirit of glory and of God resteth upon you: on their part he is evil spoken of, but on your part he is glorified."
Matthew 27:19 "When he was set down on the judgment seat, his wife sent unto him, saying, Have thou nothing to do with that just man: for I have suffered many things this day in a dream because of him."
Leviticus 10:4 "And Moses called Mishael and Elzaphan, the sons of Uzziel the uncle of Aaron, and said unto them, Come near, carry your brethren from before the sanctuary out of the camp."
Psalm 147:15 "He sendeth forth his commandment upon earth: his word runneth very swiftly."
Jeremiah 11:4 "Which I commanded your fathers in the day that I brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, from the iron furnace, saying, Obey my voice, and do them, according to all which I command you: so shall ye be my people, and I will be your God:"
John 7:11 "Then the Jews sought him at the feast, and said, Where is he?"
Job 16:3 "Shall vain words have an end? or what emboldeneth thee that thou answerest?"
Amos 6:11 "For, behold, the LORD commandeth, and he will smite the great house with breaches, and the little house with clefts."
2 Chronicles 3:3 "Now these are the things wherein Solomon was instructed for the building of the house of God. The length by cubits after the first measure was threescore cubits, and the breadth twenty cubits."
Psalm 42:3 "My tears have been my meat day and night, while they continually say unto me, Where is thy God?"
John 8:50 "And I seek not mine own glory: there is one that seeketh and judgeth."
1 Kings 15:24 "And Asa slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father: and Jehoshaphat his son reigned in his stead."
Deuteronomy 29:9 "Keep therefore the words of this covenant, and do them, that ye may prosper in all that ye do."
Numbers 18:8 "And the LORD spake unto Aaron, Behold, I also have given thee the charge of mine heave offerings of all the hallowed things of the children of Israel; unto thee have I given them by reason of the anointing, and to thy sons, by an ordinance for ever."
Genesis 34:12 "Ask me never so much dowry and gift, and I will give according as ye shall say unto me: but give me the damsel to wife."
Mark 14:16 "And his disciples went forth, and came into the city, and found as he had said unto them: and they made ready the passover."
Joshua 19:35 "And the fenced cities are Ziddim, Zer, and Hammath, Rakkath, and Chinnereth,"
Daniel 9:22 "And he informed me, and talked with me, and said, O Daniel, I am now come forth to give thee skill and understanding."
Acts 2:44 "And all that believed were together, and had all things common;"
Leviticus 25:38 "I am the LORD your God, which brought you forth out of the land of Egypt, to give you the land of Canaan, and to be your God."
Numbers 7:42 "On the sixth day Eliasaph the son of Deuel, prince of the children of Gad, offered:"
Isaiah 37:1 "And it came to pass, when king Hezekiah heard it, that he rent his clothes, and covered himself with sackcloth, and went into the house of the LORD."
Proverbs 22:17 "Bow down thine ear, and hear the words of the wise, and apply thine heart unto my knowledge."
Jeremiah 32:41 "Yea, I will rejoice over them to do them good, and I will plant them in this land assuredly with my whole heart and with my whole soul."
Proverbs 11:12 "He that is void of wisdom despiseth his neighbour: but a man of understanding holdeth his peace."
Jeremiah 17:8 "For he shall be as a tree planted by the waters, and that spreadeth out her roots by the river, and shall not see when heat cometh, but her leaf shall be green; and shall not be careful in the year of drought, neither shall cease from yielding fruit."
2 Chronicles 27:9 "And Jotham slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the city of David: and Ahaz his son reigned in his stead."
Jeremiah 36:21 "So the king sent Jehudi to fetch the roll: and he took it out of Elishama the scribe's chamber. And Jehudi read it in the ears of the king, and in the ears of all the princes which stood beside the king."
Ezekiel 26:5 "It shall be a place for the spreading of nets in the midst of the sea: for I have spoken it, saith the Lord GOD: and it shall become a spoil to the nations."
1 Chronicles 2:21 "And afterward Hezron went in to the daughter of Machir the father of Gilead, whom he married when he was threescore years old; and she bare him Segub."
Ecclesiastes 2:6 "I made me pools of water, to water therewith the wood that bringeth forth trees:"
Leviticus 7:29 "Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, He that offereth the sacrifice of his peace offerings unto the LORD shall bring his oblation unto the LORD of the sacrifice of his peace offerings."
Deuteronomy 7:24 "And he shall deliver their kings into thine hand, and thou shalt destroy their name from under heaven: there shall no man be able to stand before thee, until thou have destroyed them."
Isaiah 1:18 "Come now, and let us reason together, saith the LORD: though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow; though they be red like crimson, they shall be as wool."
Matthew 26:46 "Rise, let us be going: behold, he is at hand that doth betray me."
Matthew 7:12 "Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them: for this is the law and the prophets."
Galatians 4:14 "And my temptation which was in my flesh ye despised not, nor rejected; but received me as an angel of God, even as Christ Jesus."
Deuteronomy 22:5 "The woman shall not wear that which pertaineth unto a man, neither shall a man put on a woman's garment: for all that do so are abomination unto the LORD thy God."
Genesis 31:2 "And Jacob beheld the countenance of Laban, and, behold, it was not toward him as before."
2 Kings 6:3 "And one said, Be content, I pray thee, and go with thy servants. And he answered, I will go."
Luke 2:25 "And, behold, there was a man in Jerusalem, whose name was Simeon; and the same man was just and devout, waiting for the consolation of Israel: and the Holy Ghost was upon him."
Acts 2:26 "Therefore did my heart rejoice, and my tongue was glad; moreover also my flesh shall rest in hope:"
Job 9:30 "If I wash myself with snow water, and make my hands never so clean;"
Proverbs 16:16 "How much better is it to get wisdom than gold! and to get understanding rather to be chosen than silver!"
Isaiah 30:22 "Ye shall defile also the covering of thy graven images of silver, and the ornament of thy molten images of gold: thou shalt cast them away as a menstruous cloth; thou shalt say unto it, Get thee hence."
Luke 6:6 "And it came to pass also on another sabbath, that he entered into the synagogue and taught: and there was a man whose right hand was withered."
Esther 3:11 "And the king said unto Haman, The silver is given to thee, the people also, to do with them as it seemeth good to thee."
1 Chronicles 1:43 "Now these are the kings that reigned in the land of Edom before any king reigned over the children of Israel; Bela the son of Beor: and the name of his city was Dinhabah."
2 Corinthians 10:2 "But I beseech you, that I may not be bold when I am present with that confidence, wherewith I think to be bold against some, which think of us as if we walked according to the flesh."
Isaiah 1:26 "And I will restore thy judges as at the first, and thy counsellors as at the beginning: afterward thou shalt be called, The city of righteousness, the faithful city."
Psalm 107:18 "Their soul abhorreth all manner of meat; and they draw near unto the gates of death."
Job 15:29 "He shall not be rich, neither shall his substance continue, neither shall he prolong the perfection thereof upon the earth."
Job 27:17 "He may prepare it, but the just shall put it on, and the innocent shall divide the silver."
Song of Solomon 3:9 "King Solomon made himself a chariot of the wood of Lebanon."
1 Corinthians 15:16 "For if the dead rise not, then is not Christ raised:"
1 Samuel 23:28 "Wherefore Saul returned from pursuing after David, and went against the Philistines: therefore they called that place Selahammahlekoth."
Acts 10:25 "And as Peter was coming in, Cornelius met him, and fell down at his feet, and worshipped him."
Joshua 9:25 "And now, behold, we are in thine hand: as it seemeth good and right unto thee to do unto us, do."
2 Chronicles 32:2 "And when Hezekiah saw that Sennacherib was come, and that he was purposed to fight against Jerusalem,"
2 Samuel 12:18 "And it came to pass on the seventh day, that the child died. And the servants of David feared to tell him that the child was dead: for they said, Behold, while the child was yet alive, we spake unto him, and he would not hearken unto our voice: how will he then vex himself, if we tell him that the child is dead?"
John 17:12 "While I was with them in the world, I kept them in thy name: those that thou gavest me I have kept, and none of them is lost, but the son of perdition; that the scripture might be fulfilled."
1 Kings 4:17 "Jehoshaphat the son of Paruah, in Issachar:"
1 Chronicles 10:14 "And inquired not of the LORD: therefore he slew him, and turned the kingdom unto David the son of Jesse."
Proverbs 22:25 "Lest thou learn his ways, and get a snare to thy soul."
Genesis 38:8 "And Judah said unto Onan, Go in unto thy brother's wife, and marry her, and raise up seed to thy brother."
Genesis 30:26 "Give me my wives and my children, for whom I have served thee, and let me go: for thou knowest my service which I have done thee."
1 Samuel 30:22 "Then answered all the wicked men and men of Belial, of those that went with David, and said, Because they went not with us, we will not give them ought of the spoil that we have recovered, save to every man his wife and his children, that they may lead them away, and depart."
Matthew 27:21 "The governor answered and said unto them, Whether of the twain will ye that I release unto you? They said, Barabbas."
Job 13:8 "Will ye accept his person? will ye contend for God?"
Luke 20:36 "Neither can they die any more: for they are equal unto the angels; and are the children of God, being the children of the resurrection."
2 Chronicles 28:24 "And Ahaz gathered together the vessels of the house of God, and cut in pieces the vessels of the house of God, and shut up the doors of the house of the LORD, and he made him altars in every corner of Jerusalem."
Ezra 8:12 "And of the sons of Azgad; Johanan the son of Hakkatan, and with him an hundred and ten males."
1 Chronicles 6:32 "And they ministered before the dwelling place of the tabernacle of the congregation with singing, until Solomon had built the house of the LORD in Jerusalem: and then they waited on their office according to their order."
Genesis 30:4 "And she gave him Bilhah her handmaid to wife: and Jacob went in unto her."
Deuteronomy 21:19 "Then shall his father and his mother lay hold on him, and bring him out unto the elders of his city, and unto the gate of his place;"
Proverbs 3:19 "The LORD by wisdom hath founded the earth; by understanding hath he established the heavens."
Ezekiel 46:15 "Thus shall they prepare the lamb, and the meat offering, and the oil, every morning for a continual burnt offering."
Genesis 41:52 "And the name of the second called he Ephraim: For God hath caused me to be fruitful in the land of my affliction."
Esther 2:9 "And the maiden pleased him, and she obtained kindness of him; and he speedily gave her her things for purification, with such things as belonged to her, and seven maidens, which were meet to be given her, out of the king's house: and he preferred her and her maids unto the best place of the house of the women."
Psalm 74:23 "Forget not the voice of thine enemies: the tumult of those that rise up against thee increaseth continually."
1 Samuel 22:3 "And David went thence to Mizpeh of Moab: and he said unto the king of Moab, Let my father and my mother, I pray thee, come forth, and be with you, till I know what God will do for me."
Romans 4:7 "Saying, Blessed are they whose iniquities are forgiven, and whose sins are covered."
Exodus 7:6 "And Moses and Aaron did as the LORD commanded them, so did they."
Galatians 1:4 "Who gave himself for our sins, that he might deliver us from this present evil world, according to the will of God and our Father:"
Psalm 18:36 "Thou hast enlarged my steps under me, that my feet did not slip."
Numbers 16:14 "Moreover thou hast not brought us into a land that floweth with milk and honey, or given us inheritance of fields and vineyards: wilt thou put out the eyes of these men? we will not come up."
Job 13:23 "How many are mine iniquities and sins? make me to know my transgression and my sin."
1 Samuel 26:21 "Then said Saul, I have sinned: return, my son David: for I will no more do thee harm, because my soul was precious in thine eyes this day: behold, I have played the fool, and have erred exceedingly."
Psalm 79:1 "O god, the heathen are come into thine inheritance; thy holy temple have they defiled; they have laid Jerusalem on heaps."
Numbers 30:3 "If a woman also vow a vow unto the LORD, and bind herself by a bond, being in her father's house in her youth;"
Micah 3:9 "Hear this, I pray you, ye heads of the house of Jacob, and princes of the house of Israel, that abhor judgment, and pervert all equity."
Ezra 9:11 "Which thou hast commanded by thy servants the prophets, saying, The land, unto which ye go to possess it, is an unclean land with the filthiness of the people of the lands, with their abominations, which have filled it from one end to another with their uncleanness."
Isaiah 44:12 "The smith with the tongs both worketh in the coals, and fashioneth it with hammers, and worketh it with the strength of his arms: yea, he is hungry, and his strength faileth: he drinketh no water, and is faint."
Psalm 97:2 "Clouds and darkness are round about him: righteousness and judgment are the habitation of his throne."
1 Chronicles 10:10 "And they put his armor in the house of their gods, and fastened his head in the temple of Dagon."
Ezekiel 43:10 "Thou son of man, shew the house to the house of Israel, that they may be ashamed of their iniquities: and let them measure the pattern."
Psalm 2:2 "The kings of the earth set themselves, and the rulers take counsel together, against the LORD, and against his anointed, saying,"
Isaiah 8:20 "To the law and to the testimony: if they speak not according to this word, it is because there is no light in them."
Song of Solomon 7:3 "Thy two breasts are like two young roes that are twins."
Philippians 4:5 "Let your moderation be known unto all men. The Lord is at hand."
1 Thessalonians 5:7 "For they that sleep sleep in the night; and they that be drunken are drunken in the night."
Leviticus 5:7 "And if he be not able to bring a lamb, then he shall bring for his trespass, which he hath committed, two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, unto the LORD; one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering."
Jeremiah 50:17 "Israel is a scattered sheep; the lions have driven him away: first the king of Assyria hath devoured him; and last this Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon hath broken his bones."
Isaiah 58:1 "Cry aloud, spare not, lift up thy voice like a trumpet, and shew my people their transgression, and the house of Jacob their sins."
Genesis 25:29 "And Jacob sod pottage: and Esau came from the field, and he was faint:"
Ezekiel 41:18 "And it was made with cherubims and palm trees, so that a palm tree was between a cherub and a cherub; and every cherub had two faces;"
Genesis 24:52 "And it came to pass, that, when Abraham's servant heard their words, he worshipped the LORD, bowing himself to the earth."
Leviticus 9:19 "And the fat of the bullock and of the ram, the rump, and that which covereth the inwards, and the kidneys, and the caul above the liver:"
1 Chronicles 25:10 "The third to Zaccur, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:"
Genesis 23:6 "Hear us, my lord: thou art a mighty prince among us: in the choice of our sepulchres bury thy dead; none of us shall withhold from thee his sepulchre, but that thou mayest bury thy dead."
Esther 9:12 "And the king said unto Esther the queen, The Jews have slain and destroyed five hundred men in Shushan the palace, and the ten sons of Haman; what have they done in the rest of the king's provinces? now what is thy petition? and it shall be granted thee: or what is thy request further? and it shall be done."
Numbers 4:2 "Take the sum of the sons of Kohath from among the sons of Levi, after their families, by the house of their fathers,"
Job 30:17 "My bones are pierced in me in the night season: and my sinews take no rest."
1 Chronicles 4:27 "And Shimei had sixteen sons and six daughters: but his brethren had not many children, neither did all their family multiply, like to the children of Judah."
Joshua 15:60 "Kirjathbaal, which is Kirjathjearim, and Rabbah; two cities with their villages:"
Psalm 9:3 "When mine enemies are turned back, they shall fall and perish at thy presence."
Genesis 27:42 "And these words of Esau her elder son were told to Rebekah: and she sent and called Jacob her younger son, and said unto him, Behold, thy brother Esau, as touching thee, doth comfort himself, purposing to kill thee."
Luke 2:4 "And Joseph also went up from Galilee, out of the city of Nazareth, into Judaea, unto the city of David, which is called Bethlehem; (because he was of the house and lineage of David:)"
Judges 13:18 "And the angel of the LORD said unto him, Why askest thou thus after my name, seeing it is secret?"
Leviticus 5:16 "And he shall make amends for the harm that he hath done in the holy thing, and shall add the fifth part thereto, and give it unto the priest: and the priest shall make an atonement for him with the ram of the trespass offering, and it shall be forgiven him."
Matthew 27:50 "Jesus, when he had cried again with a loud voice, yielded up the ghost."
Numbers 2:2 "Every man of the children of Israel shall pitch by his own standard, with the ensign of their father's house: far off about the tabernacle of the congregation shall they pitch."
Joshua 13:7 "Now therefore divide this land for an inheritance unto the nine tribes, and the half tribe of Manasseh,"
Ezekiel 38:1 "And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,"
Leviticus 11:27 "And whatsoever goeth upon his paws, among all manner of beasts that go on all four, those are unclean unto you: whoso toucheth their carcass shall be unclean until the even."
Mark 11:14 "And Jesus answered and said unto it, No man eat fruit of thee hereafter for ever. And his disciples heard it."
Deuteronomy 12:23 "Only be sure that thou eat not the blood: for the blood is the life; and thou mayest not eat the life with the flesh."
1 Peter 1:10 "Of which salvation the prophets have enquired and searched diligently, who prophesied of the grace that should come unto you:"
Luke 4:16 "And he came to Nazareth, where he had been brought up: and, as his custom was, he went into the synagogue on the sabbath day, and stood up for to read."
Isaiah 42:8 "I am the LORD: that is my name: and my glory will I not give to another, neither my praise to graven images."
Exodus 6:8 "And I will bring you in unto the land, concerning the which I did swear to give it to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob; and I will give it you for an heritage: I am the LORD."
Ecclesiastes 10:14 "A fool also is full of words: a man cannot tell what shall be; and what shall be after him, who can tell him?"
1 Chronicles 11:38 "Joel the brother of Nathan, Mibhar the son of Haggeri,"
Psalm 7:8 "The LORD shall judge the people: judge me, O LORD, according to my righteousness, and according to mine integrity that is in me."
Isaiah 10:10 "As my hand hath found the kingdoms of the idols, and whose graven images did excel them of Jerusalem and of Samaria;"
2 Chronicles 23:8 "So the Levites and all Judah did according to all things that Jehoiada the priest had commanded, and took every man his men that were to come in on the sabbath, with them that were to go out on the sabbath: for Jehoiada the priest dismissed not the courses."
Exodus 35:27 "And the rulers brought onyx stones, and stones to be set, for the ephod, and for the breastplate;"
Psalm 31:24 "Be of good courage, and he shall strengthen your heart, all ye that hope in the LORD."
Psalm 35:5 "Let them be as chaff before the wind: and let the angel of the LORD chase them."
Hebrews 4:3 "For we which have believed do enter into rest, as he said, As I have sworn in my wrath, if they shall enter into my rest: although the works were finished from the foundation of the world."
Hebrews 13:16 "But to do good and to communicate forget not: for with such sacrifices God is well pleased."
2 Chronicles 6:18 "But will God in very deed dwell with men on the earth? behold, heaven and the heaven of heavens cannot contain thee; how much less this house which I have built!"
1 Samuel 25:10 "And Nabal answered David's servants, and said, Who is David? and who is the son of Jesse? there be many servants now a days that break away every man from his master."
Jeremiah 31:14 "And I will satiate the soul of the priests with fatness, and my people shall be satisfied with my goodness, saith the LORD."
Mark 13:25 "And the stars of heaven shall fall, and the powers that are in heaven shall be shaken."
Psalm 68:15 "The hill of God is as the hill of Bashan; an high hill as the hill of Bashan."
Job 4:6 "Is not this thy fear, thy confidence, thy hope, and the uprightness of thy ways?"
Hebrews 7:13 "For he of whom these things are spoken pertaineth to another tribe, of which no man gave attendance at the altar."
Jeremiah 2:37 "Yea, thou shalt go forth from him, and thine hands upon thine head: for the LORD hath rejected thy confidences, and thou shalt not prosper in them."
Psalm 71:18 "Now also when I am old and greyheaded, O God, forsake me not; until I have shewed thy strength unto this generation, and thy power to every one that is to come."
1 Chronicles 27:1 "Now the children of Israel after their number, to wit, the chief fathers and captains of thousands and hundreds, and their officers that served the king in any matter of the courses, which came in and went out month by month throughout all the months of the year, of every course were twenty and four thousand."
Genesis 3:1 "Now the serpent was more subtil than any beast of the field which the LORD God had made. And he said unto the woman, Yea, hath God said, Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden?"
Ezekiel 25:13 "Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; I will also stretch out mine hand upon Edom, and will cut off man and beast from it; and I will make it desolate from Teman; and they of Dedan shall fall by the sword."
Proverbs 22:13 "The slothful man saith, There is a lion without, I shall be slain in the streets."
Matthew 24:41 "Two women shall be grinding at the mill; the one shall be taken, and the other left."
Psalm 71:22 "I will also praise thee with the psaltery, even thy truth, O my God: unto thee will I sing with the harp, O thou Holy One of Israel."
1 Chronicles 1:47 "And when Hadad was dead, Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead."
Jonah 2:7 "When my soul fainted within me I remembered the LORD: and my prayer came in unto thee, into thine holy temple."
Exodus 8:8 "Then Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron, and said, Entreat the LORD, that he may take away the frogs from me, and from my people; and I will let the people go, that they may do sacrifice unto the LORD."
Exodus 36:25 "And for the other side of the tabernacle, which is toward the north corner, he made twenty boards,"
Acts 26:31 "And when they were gone aside, they talked between themselves, saying, This man doeth nothing worthy of death or of bonds."
Ezekiel 24:13 "In thy filthiness is lewdness: because I have purged thee, and thou wast not purged, thou shalt not be purged from thy filthiness any more, till I have caused my fury to rest upon thee."
Nehemiah 3:32 "And between the going up of the corner unto the sheep gate repaired the goldsmiths and the merchants."
Isaiah 28:7 "But they also have erred through wine, and through strong drink are out of the way; the priest and the prophet have erred through strong drink, they are swallowed up of wine, they are out of the way through strong drink; they err in vision, they stumble in judgment."
Joel 2:29 "And also upon the servants and upon the handmaids in those days will I pour out my spirit."
Jeremiah 25:12 "And it shall come to pass, when seventy years are accomplished, that I will punish the king of Babylon, and that nation, saith the LORD, for their iniquity, and the land of the Chaldeans, and will make it perpetual desolations."
Ezra 8:25 "And weighed unto them the silver, and the gold, and the vessels, even the offering of the house of our God, which the king, and his counsellors, and his lords, and all Israel there present, had offered:"
Psalm 104:10 "He sendeth the springs into the valleys, which run among the hills."
2 Samuel 21:15 "Moreover the Philistines had yet war again with Israel; and David went down, and his servants with him, and fought against the Philistines: and David waxed faint."
Leviticus 5:19 "It is a trespass offering: he hath certainly trespassed against the LORD."
Daniel 8:26 "And the vision of the evening and the morning which was told is true: wherefore shut thou up the vision; for it shall be for many days."
Psalm 89:34 "My covenant will I not break, nor alter the thing that is gone out of my lips."
Revelation 9:4 "And it was commanded them that they should not hurt the grass of the earth, neither any green thing, neither any tree; but only those men which have not the seal of God in their foreheads."
Ezekiel 30:22 "Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against Pharaoh king of Egypt, and will break his arms, the strong, and that which was broken; and I will cause the sword to fall out of his hand."
Numbers 22:31 "Then the LORD opened the eyes of Balaam, and he saw the angel of the LORD standing in the way, and his sword drawn in his hand: and he bowed down his head, and fell flat on his face."
1 Samuel 9:13 "As soon as ye be come into the city, ye shall straightway find him, before he go up to the high place to eat: for the people will not eat until he come, because he doth bless the sacrifice; and afterwards they eat that be bidden. Now therefore get you up; for about this time ye shall find him."
John 4:45 "Then when he was come into Galilee, the Galilaeans received him, having seen all the things that he did at Jerusalem at the feast: for they also went unto the feast."
Lamentations 3:50 "Till the LORD look down, and behold from heaven."
Psalm 24:7 "Lift up your heads, O ye gates; and be ye lift up, ye everlasting doors; and the King of glory shall come in."
1 Chronicles 7:15 "And Machir took to wife the sister of Huppim and Shuppim, whose sister's name was Maachah;) and the name of the second was Zelophehad: and Zelophehad had daughters."
Matthew 9:14 "Then came to him the disciples of John, saying, Why do we and the Pharisees fast oft, but thy disciples fast not?"
1 Kings 8:27 "But will God indeed dwell on the earth? behold, the heaven and heaven of heavens cannot contain thee; how much less this house that I have builded?"
Job 33:7 "Behold, my terror shall not make thee afraid, neither shall my hand be heavy upon thee."
Ecclesiastes 5:10 "He that loveth silver shall not be satisfied with silver; nor he that loveth abundance with increase: this is also vanity."
Isaiah 29:3 "And I will camp against thee round about, and will lay siege against thee with a mount, and I will raise forts against thee."
John 11:16 "Then said Thomas, which is called Didymus, unto his fellowdisciples, Let us also go, that we may die with him."
2 Chronicles 23:2 "And they went about in Judah, and gathered the Levites out of all the cities of Judah, and the chief of the fathers of Israel, and they came to Jerusalem."
1 Corinthians 12:20 "But now are they many members, yet but one body."
Isaiah 17:1 "The burden of Damascus. Behold, Damascus is taken away from being a city, and it shall be a ruinous heap."
2 Kings 13:21 "And it came to pass, as they were burying a man, that, behold, they spied a band of men; and they cast the man into the sepulchre of Elisha: and when the man was let down, and touched the bones of Elisha, he revived, and stood up on his feet."
Isaiah 65:6 "Behold, it is written before me: I will not keep silence, but will recompense, even recompense into their bosom,"
Genesis 35:5 "And they journeyed: and the terror of God was upon the cities that were round about them, and they did not pursue after the sons of Jacob."
Ecclesiastes 12:12 "And further, by these, my son, be admonished: of making many books there is no end; and much study is a weariness of the flesh."
Mark 3:26 "And if Satan rise up against himself, and be divided, he cannot stand, but hath an end."
Genesis 47:30 "But I will lie with my fathers, and thou shalt carry me out of Egypt, and bury me in their buryingplace. And he said, I will do as thou hast said."
Isaiah 24:4 "The earth mourneth and fadeth away, the world languisheth and fadeth away, the haughty people of the earth do languish."
Isaiah 14:14 "I will ascend above the heights of the clouds; I will be like the most High."
2 Corinthians 8:18 "And we have sent with him the brother, whose praise is in the gospel throughout all the churches;"
Joshua 17:18 "But the mountain shall be thine; for it is a wood, and thou shalt cut it down: and the outgoings of it shall be thine: for thou shalt drive out the Canaanites, though they have iron chariots, and though they be strong."
Judges 5:12 "Awake, awake, Deborah: awake, awake, utter a song: arise, Barak, and lead thy captivity captive, thou son of Abinoam."
Judges 21:21 "And see, and, behold, if the daughters of Shiloh come out to dance in dances, then come ye out of the vineyards, and catch you every man his wife of the daughters of Shiloh, and go to the land of Benjamin."
Acts 27:35 "And when he had thus spoken, he took bread, and gave thanks to God in presence of them all: and when he had broken it, he began to eat."
Numbers 1:13 "Of Asher; Pagiel the son of Ocran."
Proverbs 19:16 "He that keepeth the commandment keepeth his own soul; but he that despiseth his ways shall die."
Matthew 19:21 "Jesus said unto him, If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come and follow me."
Exodus 40:22 "And he put the table in the tent of the congregation, upon the side of the tabernacle northward, without the vail."
Leviticus 14:36 "Then the priest shall command that they empty the house, before the priest go into it to see the plague, that all that is in the house be not made unclean: and afterward the priest shall go in to see the house:"
Psalm 140:7 "O GOD the Lord, the strength of my salvation, thou hast covered my head in the day of battle."
Exodus 15:12 "Thou stretchedst out thy right hand, the earth swallowed them."
Judges 14:3 "Then his father and his mother said unto him, Is there never a woman among the daughters of thy brethren, or among all my people, that thou goest to take a wife of the uncircumcised Philistines? And Samson said unto his father, Get her for me; for she pleaseth me well."
Nehemiah 7:44 "The singers: the children of Asaph, an hundred forty and eight."
Psalm 13:6 "I will sing unto the LORD, because he hath dealt bountifully with me."
Psalm 135:6 "Whatsoever the LORD pleased, that did he in heaven, and in earth, in the seas, and all deep places."
1 Chronicles 7:14 "The sons of Manasseh; Ashriel, whom she bare: (but his concubine the Aramitess bare Machir the father of Gilead:"
Proverbs 22:24 "Make no friendship with an angry man; and with a furious man thou shalt not go:"
Leviticus 23:7 "In the first day ye shall have an holy convocation: ye shall do no servile work therein."
Galatians 5:4 "Christ is become of no effect unto you, whosoever of you are justified by the law; ye are fallen from grace."
Genesis 12:9 "And Abram journeyed, going on still toward the south."
Psalm 146:3 "Put not your trust in princes, nor in the son of man, in whom there is no help."
Isaiah 65:19 "And I will rejoice in Jerusalem, and joy in my people: and the voice of weeping shall be no more heard in her, nor the voice of crying."
Psalm 124:3 "Then they had swallowed us up quick, when their wrath was kindled against us:"
Numbers 16:49 "Now they that died in the plague were fourteen thousand and seven hundred, beside them that died about the matter of Korah."
2 Kings 6:26 "And as the king of Israel was passing by upon the wall, there cried a woman unto him, saying, Help, my lord, O king."
John 18:9 "That the saying might be fulfilled, which he spake, Of them which thou gavest me have I lost none."
Judges 12:11 "And after him Elon, a Zebulonite, judged Israel; and he judged Israel ten years."
Isaiah 19:19 "In that day shall there be an altar to the LORD in the midst of the land of Egypt, and a pillar at the border thereof to the LORD."
Genesis 37:7 "For, behold, we were binding sheaves in the field, and, lo, my sheaf arose, and also stood upright; and, behold, your sheaves stood round about, and made obeisance to my sheaf."
Joel 1:16 "Is not the meat cut off before our eyes, yea, joy and gladness from the house of our God?"
Daniel 4:31 "While the word was in the king's mouth, there fell a voice from heaven, saying, O king Nebuchadnezzar, to thee it is spoken; The kingdom is departed from thee."
Acts 27:37 "And we were in all in the ship two hundred threescore and sixteen souls."
1 Corinthians 15:33 "Be not deceived: evil communications corrupt good manners."
John 16:22 "And ye now therefore have sorrow: but I will see you again, and your heart shall rejoice, and your joy no man taketh from you."
Ezekiel 20:25 "Wherefore I gave them also statutes that were not good, and judgments whereby they should not live;"
Esther 8:12 "Upon one day in all the provinces of king Ahasuerus, namely, upon the thirteenth day of the twelfth month, which is the month Adar."
2 Kings 5:16 "But he said, As the LORD liveth, before whom I stand, I will receive none. And he urged him to take it; but he refused."
2 Kings 9:4 "So the young man, even the young man the prophet, went to Ramothgilead."
Deuteronomy 5:7 "Thou shalt have none other gods before me."
2 Samuel 7:23 "And what one nation in the earth is like thy people, even like Israel, whom God went to redeem for a people to himself, and to make him a name, and to do for you great things and terrible, for thy land, before thy people, which thou redeemedst to thee from Egypt, from the nations and their gods?"
Joshua 10:40 "So Joshua smote all the country of the hills, and of the south, and of the vale, and of the springs, and all their kings: he left none remaining, but utterly destroyed all that breathed, as the LORD God of Israel commanded."
Revelation 3:4 "Thou hast a few names even in Sardis which have not defiled their garments; and they shall walk with me in white: for they are worthy."
Acts 9:13 "Then Ananias answered, Lord, I have heard by many of this man, how much evil he hath done to thy saints at Jerusalem:"
Isaiah 58:10 "And if thou draw out thy soul to the hungry, and satisfy the afflicted soul; then shall thy light rise in obscurity, and thy darkness be as the noon day:"
1 Chronicles 12:39 "And there they were with David three days, eating and drinking: for their brethren had prepared for them."
Job 10:7 "Thou knowest that I am not wicked; and there is none that can deliver out of thine hand."
James 4:16 "But now ye rejoice in your boastings: all such rejoicing is evil."
1 Chronicles 24:22 "Of the Izharites; Shelomoth: of the sons of Shelomoth; Jahath."
1 Chronicles 15:8 "Of the sons of Elizaphan; Shemaiah the chief, and his brethren two hundred:"
2 Corinthians 3:9 "For if the ministration of condemnation be glory, much more doth the ministration of righteousness exceed in glory."
2 Samuel 2:19 "And Asahel pursued after Abner; and in going he turned not to the right hand nor to the left from following Abner."
Joshua 13:2 "This is the land that yet remaineth: all the borders of the Philistines, and all Geshuri,"
Daniel 10:10 "And, behold, an hand touched me, which set me upon my knees and upon the palms of my hands."
Isaiah 17:12 "Woe to the multitude of many people, which make a noise like the noise of the seas; and to the rushing of nations, that make a rushing like the rushing of mighty waters!"
Deuteronomy 1:5 "On this side Jordan, in the land of Moab, began Moses to declare this law, saying,"
Exodus 39:25 "And they made bells of pure gold, and put the bells between the pomegranates upon the hem of the robe, round about between the pomegranates;"
Matthew 1:24 "Then Joseph being raised from sleep did as the angel of the Lord had bidden him, and took unto him his wife:"
Acts 13:28 "And though they found no cause of death in him, yet desired they Pilate that he should be slain."
Isaiah 31:3 "Now the Egyptians are men, and not God; and their horses flesh, and not spirit. When the LORD shall stretch out his hand, both he that helpeth shall fall, and he that is holpen shall fall down, and they all shall fail together."
Leviticus 4:25 "And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering with his finger, and put it upon the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and shall pour out his blood at the bottom of the altar of burnt offering."
Leviticus 18:12 "Thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy father's sister: she is thy father's near kinswoman."
1 Chronicles 9:29 "Some of them also were appointed to oversee the vessels, and all the instruments of the sanctuary, and the fine flour, and the wine, and the oil, and the frankincense, and the spices."
Jeremiah 16:21 "Therefore, behold, I will this once cause them to know, I will cause them to know mine hand and my might; and they shall know that my name is The LORD."
1 Kings 1:31 "Then Bathsheba bowed with her face to the earth, and did reverence to the king, and said, Let my lord king David live for ever."
Psalm 29:3 "The voice of the LORD is upon the waters: the God of glory thundereth: the LORD is upon many waters."
Luke 5:23 "Whether is easier, to say, Thy sins be forgiven thee; or to say, Rise up and walk?"
Genesis 15:9 "And he said unto him, Take me an heifer of three years old, and a she goat of three years old, and a ram of three years old, and a turtledove, and a young pigeon."
Genesis 25:15 "Hadar, and Tema, Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah:"
Ephesians 2:3 "Among whom also we all had our conversation in times past in the lusts of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind; and were by nature the children of wrath, even as others."
Isaiah 63:19 "We are thine: thou never barest rule over them; they were not called by thy name."
1 Chronicles 2:51 "Salma the father of Bethlehem, Hareph the father of Bethgader."
Job 27:5 "God forbid that I should justify you: till I die I will not remove mine integrity from me."
1 Corinthians 14:35 "And if they will learn any thing, let them ask their husbands at home: for it is a shame for women to speak in the church."
Ezekiel 39:26 "After that they have borne their shame, and all their trespasses whereby they have trespassed against me, when they dwelt safely in their land, and none made them afraid."
Proverbs 16:4 "The LORD hath made all things for himself: yea, even the wicked for the day of evil."
Job 18:14 "His confidence shall be rooted out of his tabernacle, and it shall bring him to the king of terrors."
Luke 21:7 "And they asked him, saying, Master, but when shall these things be? and what sign will there be when these things shall come to pass?"
Genesis 4:2 "And she again bare his brother Abel. And Abel was a keeper of sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground."
1 Samuel 17:40 "And he took his staff in his hand, and chose him five smooth stones out of the brook, and put them in a shepherd's bag which he had, even in a scrip; and his sling was in his hand: and he drew near to the Philistine."
Exodus 24:14 "And he said unto the elders, Tarry ye here for us, until we come again unto you: and, behold, Aaron and Hur are with you: if any man have any matters to do, let him come unto them."
2 Chronicles 15:2 "And he went out to meet Asa, and said unto him, Hear ye me, Asa, and all Judah and Benjamin; The LORD is with you, while ye be with him; and if ye seek him, he will be found of you; but if ye forsake him, he will forsake you."
Isaiah 52:5 "Now therefore, what have I here, saith the LORD, that my people is taken away for nought? they that rule over them make them to howl, saith the LORD; and my name continually every day is blasphemed."
Acts 7:28 "Wilt thou kill me, as thou diddest the Egyptian yesterday?"
Exodus 1:2 "Reuben, Simeon, Levi, and Judah,"
2 Samuel 5:16 "And Elishama, and Eliada, and Eliphalet."
Jonah 1:12 "And he said unto them, Take me up, and cast me forth into the sea; so shall the sea be calm unto you: for I know that for my sake this great tempest is upon you."
1 Samuel 6:3 "And they said, If ye send away the ark of the God of Israel, send it not empty; but in any wise return him a trespass offering: then ye shall be healed, and it shall be known to you why his hand is not removed from you."
Micah 6:11 "Shall I count them pure with the wicked balances, and with the bag of deceitful weights?"
Song of Solomon 1:6 "Look not upon me, because I am black, because the sun hath looked upon me: my mother's children were angry with me; they made me the keeper of the vineyards; but mine own vineyard have I not kept."
Psalm 78:27 "He rained flesh also upon them as dust, and feathered fowls like as the sand of the sea:"
Genesis 27:24 "And he said, Art thou my very son Esau? And he said, I am."
Matthew 8:23 "And when he was entered into a ship, his disciples followed him."
Jeremiah 21:4 "Thus saith the LORD God of Israel; Behold, I will turn back the weapons of war that are in your hands, wherewith ye fight against the king of Babylon, and against the Chaldeans, which besiege you without the walls, and I will assemble them into the midst of this city."
Job 10:9 "Remember, I beseech thee, that thou hast made me as the clay; and wilt thou bring me into dust again?"
Mark 14:14 "And wheresoever he shall go in, say ye to the goodman of the house, The Master saith, Where is the guestchamber, where I shall eat the passover with my disciples?"
Isaiah 44:4 "And they shall spring up as among the grass, as willows by the water courses."
Psalm 91:4 "He shall cover thee with his feathers, and under his wings shalt thou trust: his truth shall be thy shield and buckler."
Hebrews 11:5 "By faith Enoch was translated that he should not see death; and was not found, because God had translated him: for before his translation he had this testimony, that he pleased God."
1 Chronicles 20:7 "But when he defied Israel, Jonathan the son of Shimea David's brother slew him."
Psalm 148:1 "Praise ye the LORD. Praise ye the LORD from the heavens: praise him in the heights."
Zechariah 14:16 "And it shall come to pass, that every one that is left of all the nations which came against Jerusalem shall even go up from year to year to worship the King, the LORD of hosts, and to keep the feast of tabernacles."
1 Corinthians 6:9 "Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be not deceived: neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind,"
Ezekiel 44:14 "But I will make them keepers of the charge of the house, for all the service thereof, and for all that shall be done therein."
Nehemiah 2:13 "And I went out by night by the gate of the valley, even before the dragon well, and to the dung port, and viewed the walls of Jerusalem, which were broken down, and the gates thereof were consumed with fire."
Psalm 62:11 "God hath spoken once; twice have I heard this; that power belongeth unto God."
Judges 6:7 "And it came to pass, when the children of Israel cried unto the LORD because of the Midianites,"
Zechariah 10:1 "Ask ye of the LORD rain in the time of the latter rain; so the LORD shall make bright clouds, and give them showers of rain, to every one grass in the field."
1 Samuel 23:7 "And it was told Saul that David was come to Keilah. And Saul said, God hath delivered him into mine hand; for he is shut in, by entering into a town that hath gates and bars."
Romans 1:11 "For I long to see you, that I may impart unto you some spiritual gift, to the end ye may be established;"
Jeremiah 18:5 "Then the word of the LORD came to me, saying,"
Joshua 19:22 "And the coast reacheth to Tabor, and Shahazimah, and Bethshemesh; and the outgoings of their border were at Jordan: sixteen cities with their villages."
1 Kings 18:3 "And Ahab called Obadiah, which was the governor of his house. (Now Obadiah feared the LORD greatly:"
Jonah 1:2 "Arise, go to Nineveh, that great city, and cry against it; for their wickedness is come up before me."
Numbers 16:28 "And Moses said, Hereby ye shall know that the LORD hath sent me to do all these works; for I have not done them of mine own mind."
1 Chronicles 14:8 "And when the Philistines heard that David was anointed king over all Israel, all the Philistines went up to seek David. And David heard of it, and went out against them."
Jonah 1:5 "Then the mariners were afraid, and cried every man unto his god, and cast forth the wares that were in the ship into the sea, to lighten it of them. But Jonah was gone down into the sides of the ship; and he lay, and was fast asleep."
Joshua 15:61 "In the wilderness, Betharabah, Middin, and Secacah,"
Ezekiel 22:27 "Her princes in the midst thereof are like wolves ravening the prey, to shed blood, and to destroy souls, to get dishonest gain."
Mark 8:35 "For whosoever will save his life shall lose it; but whosoever shall lose his life for my sake and the gospel's, the same shall save it."
Exodus 28:15 "And thou shalt make the breastplate of judgment with cunning work; after the work of the ephod thou shalt make it; of gold, of blue, and of purple, and of scarlet, and of fine twined linen, shalt thou make it."
Proverbs 20:18 "Every purpose is established by counsel: and with good advice make war."
Micah 7:17 "They shall lick the dust like a serpent, they shall move out of their holes like worms of the earth: they shall be afraid of the LORD our God, and shall fear because of thee."
Leviticus 8:34 "As he hath done this day, so the LORD hath commanded to do, to make an atonement for you."
Isaiah 5:10 "Yea, ten acres of vineyard shall yield one bath, and the seed of an homer shall yield an ephah."
2 Chronicles 20:16 "To morrow go ye down against them: behold, they come up by the cliff of Ziz; and ye shall find them at the end of the brook, before the wilderness of Jeruel."
Micah 4:7 "And I will make her that halted a remnant, and her that was cast far off a strong nation: and the LORD shall reign over them in mount Zion from henceforth, even for ever."
2 Peter 3:11 "Seeing then that all these things shall be dissolved, what manner of persons ought ye to be in all holy conversation and godliness,"
2 Chronicles 29:23 "And they brought forth the he goats for the sin offering before the king and the congregation; and they laid their hands upon them:"
Jeremiah 3:23 "Truly in vain is salvation hoped for from the hills, and from the multitude of mountains: truly in the LORD our God is the salvation of Israel."
Deuteronomy 30:7 "And the LORD thy God will put all these curses upon thine enemies, and on them that hate thee, which persecuted thee."
Acts 22:27 "Then the chief captain came, and said unto him, Tell me, art thou a Roman? He said, Yea."
Romans 4:19 "And being not weak in faith, he considered not his own body now dead, when he was about an hundred years old, neither yet the deadness of Sarah's womb:"
Numbers 33:37 "And they removed from Kadesh, and pitched in mount Hor, in the edge of the land of Edom."
Numbers 26:47 "These are the families of the sons of Asher according to those that were numbered of them; who were fifty and three thousand and four hundred."
Genesis 7:7 "And Noah went in, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons' wives with him, into the ark, because of the waters of the flood."
1 Samuel 23:26 "And Saul went on this side of the mountain, and David and his men on that side of the mountain: and David made haste to get away for fear of Saul; for Saul and his men compassed David and his men round about to take them."
Deuteronomy 16:20 "That which is altogether just shalt thou follow, that thou mayest live, and inherit the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee."
1 Samuel 16:19 "Wherefore Saul sent messengers unto Jesse, and said, Send me David thy son, which is with the sheep."
Exodus 36:34 "And he overlaid the boards with gold, and made their rings of gold to be places for the bars, and overlaid the bars with gold."
Exodus 26:3 "The five curtains shall be coupled together one to another; and other five curtains shall be coupled one to another."
Leviticus 18:20 "Moreover thou shalt not lie carnally with thy neighbor's wife, to defile thyself with her."
Job 32:6 "And Elihu the son of Barachel the Buzite answered and said, I am young, and ye are very old; wherefore I was afraid, and durst not shew you mine opinion."
Leviticus 14:6 "As for the living bird, he shall take it, and the cedar wood, and the scarlet, and the hyssop, and shall dip them and the living bird in the blood of the bird that was killed over the running water:"
Numbers 15:30 "But the soul that doeth ought presumptuously, whether he be born in the land, or a stranger, the same reproacheth the LORD; and that soul shall be cut off from among his people."
Proverbs 2:1 "My son, if thou wilt receive my words, and hide my commandments with thee;"
1 Samuel 1:28 "Therefore also I have lent him to the LORD; as long as he liveth he shall be lent to the LORD. And he worshipped the LORD there."
Jeremiah 31:36 "If those ordinances depart from before me, saith the LORD, then the seed of Israel also shall cease from being a nation before me for ever."
Leviticus 3:1 "And if his oblation be a sacrifice of peace offering, if he offer it of the herd; whether it be a male or female, he shall offer it without blemish before the LORD."
John 6:21 "Then they willingly received him into the ship: and immediately the ship was at the land whither they went."
Judges 13:5 "For, lo, thou shalt conceive, and bear a son; and no razor shall come on his head: for the child shall be a Nazarite unto God from the womb: and he shall begin to deliver Israel out of the hand of the Philistines."
Philemon 1:23 "There salute thee Epaphras, my fellowprisoner in Christ Jesus;"
Deuteronomy 14:11 "Of all clean birds ye shall eat."
Jeremiah 34:9 "That every man should let his manservant, and every man his maidservant, being an Hebrew or an Hebrewess, go free; that none should serve himself of them, to wit, of a Jew his brother."
Numbers 5:22 "And this water that causeth the curse shall go into thy bowels, to make thy belly to swell, and thy thigh to rot: And the woman shall say, Amen, amen."
Psalm 73:28 "But it is good for me to draw near to God: I have put my trust in the Lord GOD, that I may declare all thy works."
Philemon 1:24 "Marcus, Aristarchus, Demas, Lucas, my fellowlabourers."
2 Samuel 23:14 "And David was then in an hold, and the garrison of the Philistines was then in Bethlehem."
Leviticus 18:2 "Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, I am the LORD your God."
Numbers 31:2 "Avenge the children of Israel of the Midianites: afterward shalt thou be gathered unto thy people."
Job 22:20 "Whereas our substance is not cut down, but the remnant of them the fire consumeth."
Mark 10:46 "And they came to Jericho: and as he went out of Jericho with his disciples and a great number of people, blind Bartimaeus, the son of Timaeus, sat by the highway side begging."
Acts 2:14 "But Peter, standing up with the eleven, lifted up his voice, and said unto them, Ye men of Judaea, and all ye that dwell at Jerusalem, be this known unto you, and hearken to my words:"
James 1:7 "For let not that man think that he shall receive any thing of the Lord."
Isaiah 51:18 "There is none to guide her among all the sons whom she hath brought forth; neither is there any that taketh her by the hand of all the sons that she hath brought up."
2 Kings 24:16 "And all the men of might, even seven thousand, and craftsmen and smiths a thousand, all that were strong and apt for war, even them the king of Babylon brought captive to Babylon."
Exodus 27:4 "And thou shalt make for it a grate of network of brass; and upon the net shalt thou make four brazen rings in the four corners thereof."
1 Kings 16:6 "So Baasha slept with his fathers, and was buried in Tirzah: and Elah his son reigned in his stead."
Proverbs 27:5 "Open rebuke is better than secret love."
Revelation 22:11 "He that is unjust, let him be unjust still: and he which is filthy, let him be filthy still: and he that is righteous, let him be righteous still: and he that is holy, let him be holy still."
Leviticus 19:36 "Just balances, just weights, a just ephah, and a just hin, shall ye have: I am the LORD your God, which brought you out of the land of Egypt."
Isaiah 54:13 "And all thy children shall be taught of the LORD; and great shall be the peace of thy children."
Luke 4:44 "And he preached in the synagogues of Galilee."
Psalm 5:6 "Thou shalt destroy them that speak leasing: the LORD will abhor the bloody and deceitful man."
Proverbs 24:29 "Say not, I will do so to him as he hath done to me: I will render to the man according to his work."
Ezra 10:20 "And of the sons of Immer; Hanani, and Zebadiah."
Zechariah 2:9 "For, behold, I will shake mine hand upon them, and they shall be a spoil to their servants: and ye shall know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me."
Psalm 134:1 "Behold, bless ye the LORD, all ye servants of the LORD, which by night stand in the house of the LORD."
James 5:14 "Is any sick among you? let him call for the elders of the church; and let them pray over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord:"
1 Chronicles 17:16 "And David the king came and sat before the LORD, and said, Who am I, O LORD God, and what is mine house, that thou hast brought me hitherto?"
2 Chronicles 29:18 "Then they went in to Hezekiah the king, and said, We have cleansed all the house of the LORD, and the altar of burnt offering, with all the vessels thereof, and the shewbread table, with all the vessels thereof."
Leviticus 20:3 "And I will set my face against that man, and will cut him off from among his people; because he hath given of his seed unto Molech, to defile my sanctuary, and to profane my holy name."
Revelation 20:14 "And death and hell were cast into the lake of fire. This is the second death."
Nehemiah 1:11 "O LORD, I beseech thee, let now thine ear be attentive to the prayer of thy servant, and to the prayer of thy servants, who desire to fear thy name: and prosper, I pray thee, thy servant this day, and grant him mercy in the sight of this man. For I was the king's cupbearer."
Deuteronomy 27:18 "Cursed be he that maketh the blind to wander out of the way. And all the people shall say, Amen."
2 Samuel 11:13 "And when David had called him, he did eat and drink before him; and he made him drunk: and at even he went out to lie on his bed with the servants of his lord, but went not down to his house."
Jeremiah 15:4 "And I will cause them to be removed into all kingdoms of the earth, because of Manasseh the son of Hezekiah king of Judah, for that which he did in Jerusalem."
Leviticus 25:1 "And the LORD spake unto Moses in mount Sinai, saying,"
Psalm 139:22 "I hate them with perfect hatred: I count them mine enemies."
Deuteronomy 23:8 "The children that are begotten of them shall enter into the congregation of the LORD in their third generation."
Exodus 30:27 "And the table and all his vessels, and the candlestick and his vessels, and the altar of incense,"
Jeremiah 27:4 "And command them to say unto their masters, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Thus shall ye say unto your masters;"
Isaiah 10:13 "For he saith, By the strength of my hand I have done it, and by my wisdom; for I am prudent: and I have removed the bounds of the people, and have robbed their treasures, and I have put down the inhabitants like a valiant man:"
1 Kings 1:33 "The king also said unto them, Take with you the servants of your lord, and cause Solomon my son to ride upon mine own mule, and bring him down to Gihon:"
Joshua 22:3 "Ye have not left your brethren these many days unto this day, but have kept the charge of the commandment of the LORD your God."
Psalm 59:3 "For, lo, they lie in wait for my soul: the mighty are gathered against me; not for my transgression, nor for my sin, O LORD."
Luke 3:27 "Which was the son of Joanna, which was the son of Rhesa, which was the son of Zorobabel, which was the son of Salathiel, which was the son of Neri,"
Exodus 12:13 "And the blood shall be to you for a token upon the houses where ye are: and when I see the blood, I will pass over you, and the plague shall not be upon you to destroy you, when I smite the land of Egypt."
2 Chronicles 2:14 "The son of a woman of the daughters of Dan, and his father was a man of Tyre, skillful to work in gold, and in silver, in brass, in iron, in stone, and in timber, in purple, in blue, and in fine linen, and in crimson; also to grave any manner of graving, and to find out every device which shall be put to him, with thy cunning men, and with the cunning men of my lord David thy father."
Genesis 47:4 "They said moreover unto Pharaoh, For to sojourn in the land are we come; for thy servants have no pasture for their flocks; for the famine is sore in the land of Canaan: now therefore, we pray thee, let thy servants dwell in the land of Goshen."
Leviticus 2:13 "And every oblation of thy meat offering shalt thou season with salt; neither shalt thou suffer the salt of the covenant of thy God to be lacking from thy meat offering: with all thine offerings thou shalt offer salt."
1 Chronicles 4:8 "And Coz begat Anub, and Zobebah, and the families of Aharhel the son of Harum."
Philippians 4:19 "But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus."
2 Kings 23:26 "Notwithstanding the LORD turned not from the fierceness of his great wrath, wherewith his anger was kindled against Judah, because of all the provocations that Manasseh had provoked him withal."
Luke 22:50 "And one of them smote the servant of the high priest, and cut off his right ear."
Ezekiel 32:22 "Asshur is there and all her company: his graves are about him: all of them slain, fallen by the sword:"
Romans 9:24 "Even us, whom he hath called, not of the Jews only, but also of the Gentiles?"
Isaiah 37:24 "By thy servants hast thou reproached the Lord, and hast said, By the multitude of my chariots am I come up to the height of the mountains, to the sides of Lebanon; and I will cut down the tall cedars thereof, and the choice fir trees thereof: and I will enter into the height of his border, and the forest of his Carmel."
Philippians 1:23 "For I am in a strait betwixt two, having a desire to depart, and to be with Christ; which is far better:"
2 Chronicles 30:4 "And the thing pleased the king and all the congregation."
John 5:35 "He was a burning and a shining light: and ye were willing for a season to rejoice in his light."
Jeremiah 9:13 "And the LORD saith, Because they have forsaken my law which I set before them, and have not obeyed my voice, neither walked therein;"
Jeremiah 40:1 "The word that came to Jeremiah from the LORD, after that Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard had let him go from Ramah, when he had taken him being bound in chains among all that were carried away captive of Jerusalem and Judah, which were carried away captive unto Babylon."
Song of Solomon 4:3 "Thy lips are like a thread of scarlet, and thy speech is comely: thy temples are like a piece of a pomegranate within thy locks."
1 Kings 11:8 "And likewise did he for all his strange wives, which burnt incense and sacrificed unto their gods."
Hosea 10:5 "The inhabitants of Samaria shall fear because of the calves of Bethaven: for the people thereof shall mourn over it, and the priests thereof that rejoiced on it, for the glory thereof, because it is departed from it."
Zechariah 1:13 "And the LORD answered the angel that talked with me with good words and comfortable words."
2 Kings 8:23 "And the rest of the acts of Joram, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?"
Leviticus 9:21 "And the breasts and the right shoulder Aaron waved for a wave offering before the LORD; as Moses commanded."
John 18:22 "And when he had thus spoken, one of the officers which stood by struck Jesus with the palm of his hand, saying, Answerest thou the high priest so?"
Jeremiah 39:15 "Now the word of the LORD came unto Jeremiah, while he was shut up in the court of the prison, saying,"
Esther 8:8 "Write ye also for the Jews, as it liketh you, in the king's name, and seal it with the king's ring: for the writing which is written in the king's name, and sealed with the king's ring, may no man reverse."
Colossians 1:13 "Who hath delivered us from the power of darkness, and hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear Son:"
Psalm 104:1 "Bless the LORD, O my soul. O LORD my God, thou art very great; thou art clothed with honour and majesty."
1 Kings 9:25 "And three times in a year did Solomon offer burnt offerings and peace offerings upon the altar which he built unto the LORD, and he burnt incense upon the altar that was before the LORD. So he finished the house."
Habakkuk 3:2 "O LORD, I have heard thy speech, and was afraid: O LORD, revive thy work in the midst of the years, in the midst of the years make known; in wrath remember mercy."
Isaiah 45:5 "I am the LORD, and there is none else, there is no God beside me: I girded thee, though thou hast not known me:"
Acts 21:6 "And when we had taken our leave one of another, we took ship; and they returned home again."
2 Chronicles 32:19 "And they spake against the God of Jerusalem, as against the gods of the people of the earth, which were the work of the hands of man."
Joshua 21:2 "And they spake unto them at Shiloh in the land of Canaan, saying, The LORD commanded by the hand of Moses to give us cities to dwell in, with the suburbs thereof for our cattle."
Jeremiah 31:1 "At the same time, saith the LORD, will I be the God of all the families of Israel, and they shall be my people."
Mark 1:10 "And straightway coming up out of the water, he saw the heavens opened, and the Spirit like a dove descending upon him:"
Mark 9:41 "For whosoever shall give you a cup of water to drink in my name, because ye belong to Christ, verily I say unto you, he shall not lose his reward."
Zephaniah 1:5 "And them that worship the host of heaven upon the housetops; and them that worship and that swear by the LORD, and that swear by Malcham;"
Numbers 10:34 "And the cloud of the LORD was upon them by day, when they went out of the camp."
Psalm 105:5 "Remember his marvellous works that he hath done; his wonders, and the judgments of his mouth;"
Matthew 25:37 "Then shall the righteous answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee an hungred, and fed thee? or thirsty, and gave thee drink?"
Genesis 33:19 "And he bought a parcel of a field, where he had spread his tent, at the hand of the children of Hamor, Shechem's father, for an hundred pieces of money."
Exodus 21:24 "Eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot,"
Job 16:18 "O earth, cover not thou my blood, and let my cry have no place."
Ephesians 6:2 "Honour thy father and mother; which is the first commandment with promise;"
Deuteronomy 3:26 "But the LORD was wroth with me for your sakes, and would not hear me: and the LORD said unto me, Let it suffice thee; speak no more unto me of this matter."
Isaiah 15:3 "In their streets they shall gird themselves with sackcloth: on the tops of their houses, and in their streets, every one shall howl, weeping abundantly."
Ecclesiastes 10:11 "Surely the serpent will bite without enchantment; and a babbler is no better."
1 Kings 21:3 "And Naboth said to Ahab, The LORD forbid it me, that I should give the inheritance of my fathers unto thee."
1 Thessalonians 5:9 "For God hath not appointed us to wrath, but to obtain salvation by our Lord Jesus Christ,"
Hebrews 4:11 "Let us labour therefore to enter into that rest, lest any man fall after the same example of unbelief."
Ezra 7:17 "That thou mayest buy speedily with this money bullocks, rams, lambs, with their meat offerings and their drink offerings, and offer them upon the altar of the house of your God which is in Jerusalem."
Psalm 5:4 "For thou art not a God that hath pleasure in wickedness: neither shall evil dwell with thee."
Revelation 13:9 "If any man have an ear, let him hear."
Nehemiah 5:2 "For there were that said, We, our sons, and our daughters, are many: therefore we take up corn for them, that we may eat, and live."
Numbers 21:15 "And at the stream of the brooks that goeth down to the dwelling of Ar, and lieth upon the border of Moab."
Numbers 20:21 "Thus Edom refused to give Israel passage through his border: wherefore Israel turned away from him."
2 Corinthians 8:2 "How that in a great trial of affliction the abundance of their joy and their deep poverty abounded unto the riches of their liberality."
1 John 5:3 "For this is the love of God, that we keep his commandments: and his commandments are not grievous."
Psalm 77:9 "Hath God forgotten to be gracious? hath he in anger shut up his tender mercies? Selah."
Job 19:22 "Why do ye persecute me as God, and are not satisfied with my flesh?"
Isaiah 24:11 "There is a crying for wine in the streets; all joy is darkened, the mirth of the land is gone."
John 8:38 "I speak that which I have seen with my Father: and ye do that which ye have seen with your father."
Acts 5:39 "But if it be of God, ye cannot overthrow it; lest haply ye be found even to fight against God."
Psalm 16:10 "For thou wilt not leave my soul in hell; neither wilt thou suffer thine Holy One to see corruption."
James 1:11 "For the sun is no sooner risen with a burning heat, but it withereth the grass, and the flower thereof falleth, and the grace of the fashion of it perisheth: so also shall the rich man fade away in his ways."
Psalm 20:9 "Save, LORD: let the king hear us when we call."
Judges 19:17 "And when he had lifted up his eyes, he saw a wayfaring man in the street of the city: and the old man said, Whither goest thou? and whence comest thou?"
Psalm 69:20 "Reproach hath broken my heart; and I am full of heaviness: and I looked for some to take pity, but there was none; and for comforters, but I found none."
Esther 6:3 "And the king said, What honour and dignity hath been done to Mordecai for this? Then said the king's servants that ministered unto him, There is nothing done for him."
Genesis 44:10 "And he said, Now also let it be according unto your words: he with whom it is found shall be my servant; and ye shall be blameless."
Psalm 37:9 "For evildoers shall be cut off: but those that wait upon the LORD, they shall inherit the earth."
Daniel 12:1 "And at that time shall Michael stand up, the great prince which standeth for the children of thy people: and there shall be a time of trouble, such as never was since there was a nation even to that same time: and at that time thy people shall be delivered, every one that shall be found written in the book."
2 Timothy 3:17 "That the man of God may be perfect, throughly furnished unto all good works."
Ephesians 6:18 "Praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, and watching thereunto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints;"
Proverbs 4:3 "For I was my father's son, tender and only beloved in the sight of my mother."
Genesis 42:22 "And Reuben answered them, saying, Spake I not unto you, saying, Do not sin against the child; and ye would not hear? therefore, behold, also his blood is required."
1 Samuel 17:16 "And the Philistine drew near morning and evening, and presented himself forty days."
2 Kings 23:6 "And he brought out the grove from the house of the LORD, without Jerusalem, unto the brook Kidron, and burned it at the brook Kidron, and stamped it small to powder, and cast the powder thereof upon the graves of the children of the people."
Daniel 2:31 "Thou, O king, sawest, and behold a great image. This great image, whose brightness was excellent, stood before thee; and the form thereof was terrible."
Matthew 7:3 "And why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother's eye, but considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye?"
Proverbs 8:3 "She crieth at the gates, at the entry of the city, at the coming in at the doors."
Esther 9:16 "But the other Jews that were in the king's provinces gathered themselves together, and stood for their lives, and had rest from their enemies, and slew of their foes seventy and five thousand, but they laid not their hands on the prey,"
Exodus 13:8 "And thou shalt show thy son in that day, saying, This is done because of that which the LORD did unto me when I came forth out of Egypt."
John 6:30 "They said therefore unto him, What sign shewest thou then, that we may see, and believe thee? what dost thou work?"
Psalm 72:9 "They that dwell in the wilderness shall bow before him; and his enemies shall lick the dust."
Daniel 1:7 "Unto whom the prince of the eunuchs gave names: for he gave unto Daniel the name of Belteshazzar; and to Hananiah, of Shadrach; and to Mishael, of Meshach; and to Azariah, of Abednego."
Ezekiel 16:31 "In that thou buildest thine eminent place in the head of every way, and makest thine high place in every street; and hast not been as an harlot, in that thou scornest hire;"
Acts 1:24 "And they prayed, and said, Thou, Lord, which knowest the hearts of all men, shew whether of these two thou hast chosen,"
Psalm 132:2 "How he sware unto the LORD, and vowed unto the mighty God of Jacob;"
Exodus 28:31 "And thou shalt make the robe of the ephod all of blue."
1 Corinthians 9:7 "Who goeth a warfare any time at his own charges? who planteth a vineyard, and eateth not of the fruit thereof? or who feedeth a flock, and eateth not of the milk of the flock?"
Judges 15:15 "And he found a new jawbone of an ass, and put forth his hand, and took it, and slew a thousand men therewith."
Ezekiel 34:10 "Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against the shepherds; and I will require my flock at their hand, and cause them to cease from feeding the flock; neither shall the shepherds feed themselves any more; for I will deliver my flock from their mouth, that they may not be meat for them."
Jeremiah 39:2 "And in the eleventh year of Zedekiah, in the fourth month, the ninth day of the month, the city was broken up."
Exodus 31:8 "And the table and his furniture, and the pure candlestick with all his furniture, and the altar of incense,"
Numbers 33:51 "Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye are passed over Jordan into the land of Canaan;"
1 Chronicles 6:54 "Now these are their dwelling places throughout their castles in their coasts, of the sons of Aaron, of the families of the Kohathites: for theirs was the lot."
2 Peter 2:3 "And through covetousness shall they with feigned words make merchandise of you: whose judgment now of a long time lingereth not, and their damnation slumbereth not."
1 Kings 7:51 "So was ended all the work that king Solomon made for the house of the LORD. And Solomon brought in the things which David his father had dedicated; even the silver, and the gold, and the vessels, did he put among the treasures of the house of the LORD."
Judges 5:28 "The mother of Sisera looked out at a window, and cried through the lattice, Why is his chariot so long in coming? why tarry the wheels of his chariots?"
Luke 4:11 "And in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone."
Psalm 138:2 "I will worship toward thy holy temple, and praise thy name for thy lovingkindness and for thy truth: for thou hast magnified thy word above all thy name."
1 Chronicles 20:2 "And David took the crown of their king from off his head, and found it to weigh a talent of gold, and there were precious stones in it; and it was set upon David's head: and he brought also exceeding much spoil out of the city."
Job 36:9 "Then he sheweth them their work, and their transgressions that they have exceeded."
2 Corinthians 1:8 "For we would not, brethren, have you ignorant of our trouble which came to us in Asia, that we were pressed out of measure, above strength, insomuch that we despaired even of life:"
2 Samuel 5:17 "But when the Philistines heard that they had anointed David king over Israel, all the Philistines came up to seek David; and David heard of it, and went down to the hold."
Jeremiah 25:6 "And go not after other gods to serve them, and to worship them, and provoke me not to anger with the works of your hands; and I will do you no hurt."
Psalm 17:2 "Let my sentence come forth from thy presence; let thine eyes behold the things that are equal."
2 Chronicles 11:1 "And when Rehoboam was come to Jerusalem, he gathered of the house of Judah and Benjamin an hundred and fourscore thousand chosen men, which were warriors, to fight against Israel, that he might bring the kingdom again to Rehoboam."
Luke 9:7 "Now Herod the tetrarch heard of all that was done by him: and he was perplexed, because that it was said of some, that John was risen from the dead;"
Psalm 88:3 "For my soul is full of troubles: and my life draweth nigh unto the grave."
Colossians 3:8 "But now ye also put off all these; anger, wrath, malice, blasphemy, filthy communication out of your mouth."
Genesis 38:21 "Then he asked the men of that place, saying, Where is the harlot, that was openly by the way side? And they said, There was no harlot in this place."
1 Samuel 12:24 "Only fear the LORD, and serve him in truth with all your heart: for consider how great things he hath done for you."
Psalm 106:32 "They angered him also at the waters of strife, so that it went ill with Moses for their sakes:"
Psalm 105:7 "He is the LORD our God: his judgments are in all the earth."
John 15:12 "This is my commandment, That ye love one another, as I have loved you."
Joel 1:7 "He hath laid my vine waste, and barked my fig tree: he hath made it clean bare, and cast it away; the branches thereof are made white."
Deuteronomy 18:6 "And if a Levite come from any of thy gates out of all Israel, where he sojourned, and come with all the desire of his mind unto the place which the LORD shall choose;"
1 Kings 5:17 "And the king commanded, and they brought great stones, costly stones, and hewed stones, to lay the foundation of the house."
Leviticus 3:10 "And the two kidneys, and the fat that is upon them, which is by the flanks, and the caul above the liver, with the kidneys, it shall he take away."
Acts 1:7 "And he said unto them, It is not for you to know the times or the seasons, which the Father hath put in his own power."
Numbers 18:12 "All the best of the oil, and all the best of the wine, and of the wheat, the firstfruits of them which they shall offer unto the LORD, them have I given thee."
Deuteronomy 20:1 "When thou goest out to battle against thine enemies, and seest horses, and chariots, and a people more than thou, be not afraid of them: for the LORD thy God is with thee, which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt."
Numbers 5:25 "Then the priest shall take the jealousy offering out of the woman's hand, and shall wave the offering before the LORD, and offer it upon the altar:"
Acts 19:28 "And when they heard these sayings, they were full of wrath, and cried out, saying, Great is Diana of the Ephesians."
Joshua 3:16 "That the waters which came down from above stood and rose up upon an heap very far from the city Adam, that is beside Zaretan: and those that came down toward the sea of the plain, even the salt sea, failed, and were cut off: and the people passed over right against Jericho."
2 Kings 19:18 "And have cast their gods into the fire: for they were no gods, but the work of men's hands, wood and stone: therefore they have destroyed them."
Ezekiel 8:8 "Then said he unto me, Son of man, dig now in the wall: and when I had digged in the wall, behold a door."
2 Kings 4:31 "And Gehazi passed on before them, and laid the staff upon the face of the child; but there was neither voice, nor hearing. Wherefore he went again to meet him, and told him, saying, The child is not awaked."
Luke 15:10 "Likewise, I say unto you, there is joy in the presence of the angels of God over one sinner that repenteth."
Isaiah 40:5 "And the glory of the LORD shall be revealed, and all flesh shall see it together: for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken it."
Psalm 74:6 "But now they break down the carved work thereof at once with axes and hammers."
Genesis 14:16 "And he brought back all the goods, and also brought again his brother Lot, and his goods, and the women also, and the people."
1 John 2:21 "I have not written unto you because ye know not the truth, but because ye know it, and that no lie is of the truth."
Deuteronomy 28:25 "The LORD shall cause thee to be smitten before thine enemies: thou shalt go out one way against them, and flee seven ways before them: and shalt be removed into all the kingdoms of the earth."
1 Samuel 17:20 "And David rose up early in the morning, and left the sheep with a keeper, and took, and went, as Jesse had commanded him; and he came to the trench, as the host was going forth to the fight, and shouted for the battle."
Nehemiah 5:6 "And I was very angry when I heard their cry and these words."
Jeremiah 49:12 "For thus saith the LORD; Behold, they whose judgment was not to drink of the cup have assuredly drunken; and art thou he that shall altogether go unpunished? thou shalt not go unpunished, but thou shalt surely drink of it."
Joshua 9:12 "This our bread we took hot for our provision out of our houses on the day we came forth to go unto you; but now, behold, it is dry, and it is mouldy:"
Matthew 16:3 "And in the morning, It will be foul weather to day: for the sky is red and lowering. O ye hypocrites, ye can discern the face of the sky; but can ye not discern the signs of the times?"
Isaiah 34:8 "For it is the day of the LORD's vengeance, and the year of recompences for the controversy of Zion."
1 Samuel 1:16 "Count not thine handmaid for a daughter of Belial: for out of the abundance of my complaint and grief have I spoken hitherto."
2 Samuel 18:4 "And the king said unto them, What seemeth you best I will do. And the king stood by the gate side, and all the people came out by hundreds and by thousands."
Job 12:24 "He taketh away the heart of the chief of the people of the earth, and causeth them to wander in a wilderness where there is no way."
Hosea 2:1 "Say ye unto your brethren, Ammi; and to your sisters, Ruhamah."
Psalm 106:44 "Nevertheless he regarded their affliction, when he heard their cry:"
1 Samuel 15:32 "Then said Samuel, Bring ye hither to me Agag the king of the Amalekites. And Agag came unto him delicately. And Agag said, Surely the bitterness of death is past."
Psalm 30:9 "What profit is there in my blood, when I go down to the pit? Shall the dust praise thee? shall it declare thy truth?"
1 Timothy 3:14 "These things write I unto thee, hoping to come unto thee shortly:"
Numbers 21:32 "And Moses sent to spy out Jaazer, and they took the villages thereof, and drove out the Amorites that were there."
Ezekiel 23:14 "And that she increased her whoredoms: for when she saw men pourtrayed upon the wall, the images of the Chaldeans pourtrayed with vermilion,"
Jeremiah 36:27 "Then the word of the LORD came to Jeremiah, after that the king had burned the roll, and the words which Baruch wrote at the mouth of Jeremiah, saying,"
Proverbs 6:9 "How long wilt thou sleep, O sluggard? when wilt thou arise out of thy sleep?"
Genesis 35:1 "And God said unto Jacob, Arise, go up to Bethel, and dwell there: and make there an altar unto God, that appeared unto thee when thou fleddest from the face of Esau thy brother."
2 Kings 20:20 "And the rest of the acts of Hezekiah, and all his might, and how he made a pool, and a conduit, and brought water into the city, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?"
Joshua 21:31 "Helkath with her suburbs, and Rehob with her suburbs; four cities."
Matthew 21:27 "And they answered Jesus, and said, We cannot tell. And he said unto them, Neither tell I you by what authority I do these things."
Numbers 20:26 "And strip Aaron of his garments, and put them upon Eleazar his son: and Aaron shall be gathered unto his people, and shall die there."
Genesis 32:31 "And as he passed over Penuel the sun rose upon him, and he halted upon his thigh."
Deuteronomy 19:14 "Thou shalt not remove thy  neighbor's landmark, which they of old time have set in thine inheritance, which thou shalt inherit in the land that the LORD thy God giveth thee to possess it."
2 Chronicles 21:12 "And there came a writing to him from Elijah the prophet, saying, Thus saith the LORD God of David thy father, Because thou hast not walked in the ways of Jehoshaphat thy father, nor in the ways of Asa king of Judah,"
Numbers 31:30 "And of the children of Israel's half, thou shalt take one portion of fifty, of the persons, of the beeves, of the asses, and of the flocks, of all manner of beasts, and give them unto the Levites, which keep the charge of the tabernacle of the LORD."
1 Samuel 26:19 "Now therefore, I pray thee, let my lord the king hear the words of his servant. If the LORD have stirred thee up against me, let him accept an offering: but if they be the children of men, cursed be they before the LORD; for they have driven me out this day from abiding in the inheritance of the LORD, saying, Go, serve other gods."
Jeremiah 49:11 "Leave thy fatherless children, I will preserve them alive; and let thy widows trust in me."
Acts 16:6 "Now when they had gone throughout Phrygia and the region of Galatia, and were forbidden of the Holy Ghost to preach the word in Asia,"
Mark 12:4 "And again he sent unto them another servant; and at him they cast stones, and wounded him in the head, and sent him away shamefully handled."
Numbers 33:25 "And they removed from Haradah, and pitched in Makheloth."
Deuteronomy 1:32 "Yet in this thing ye did not believe the LORD your God,"
Joshua 6:4 "And seven priests shall bear before the ark seven trumpets of rams' horns: and the seventh day ye shall compass the city seven times, and the priests shall blow with the trumpets."
Psalm 39:2 "I was dumb with silence, I held my peace, even from good; and my sorrow was stirred."
Mark 5:12 "And all the devils besought him, saying, Send us into the swine, that we may enter into them."
Matthew 14:27 "But straightway Jesus spake unto them, saying, Be of good cheer; it is I; be not afraid."
Numbers 26:26 "Of the sons of Zebulun after their families: of Sered, the family of the Sardites: of Elon, the family of the Elonites: of Jahleel, the family of the Jahleelites."
Numbers 17:4 "And thou shalt lay them up in the tabernacle of the congregation before the testimony, where I will meet with you."
Zechariah 5:1 "Then I turned, and lifted up mine eyes, and looked, and behold a flying roll."
Proverbs 27:19 "As in water face answereth to face, so the heart of man to man."
Jeremiah 6:28 "They are all grievous revolters, walking with slanders: they are brass and iron; they are all corrupters."
Deuteronomy 5:26 "For who is there of all flesh, that hath heard the voice of the living God speaking out of the midst of the fire, as we have, and lived?"
Jeremiah 32:42 "For thus saith the LORD; Like as I have brought all this great evil upon this people, so will I bring upon them all the good that I have promised them."
Judges 9:44 "And Abimelech, and the company that was with him, rushed forward, and stood in the entering of the gate of the city: and the two other companies ran upon all the people that were in the fields, and slew them."
Jeremiah 3:10 "And yet for all this her treacherous sister Judah hath not turned unto me with her whole heart, but feignedly, saith the LORD."
2 Chronicles 21:1 "Now Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David. And Jehoram his son reigned in his stead."
Daniel 1:20 "And in all matters of wisdom and understanding, that the king enquired of them, he found them ten times better than all the magicians and astrologers that were in all his realm."
Isaiah 65:20 "There shall be no more thence an infant of days, nor an old man that hath not filled his days: for the child shall die an hundred years old; but the sinner being an hundred years old shall be accursed."
Job 6:10 "Then should I yet have comfort; yea, I would harden myself in sorrow: let him not spare; for I have not concealed the words of the Holy One."
Ezekiel 41:1 "Afterward he brought me to the temple, and measured the posts, six cubits broad on the one side, and six cubits broad on the other side, which was the breadth of the tabernacle."
Isaiah 23:18 "And her merchandise and her hire shall be holiness to the LORD: it shall not be treasured nor laid up; for her merchandise shall be for them that dwell before the LORD, to eat sufficiently, and for durable clothing."
Leviticus 4:2 "Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, If a soul shall sin through ignorance against any of the commandments of the LORD concerning things which ought not to be done, and shall do against any of them:"
Romans 16:10 "Salute Apelles approved in Christ. Salute them which are of Aristobulus' household."
2 Thessalonians 1:1 "Paul, and Silvanus, and Timotheus, unto the church of the Thessalonians in God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ:"
John 17:13 "And now come I to thee; and these things I speak in the world, that they might have my joy fulfilled in themselves."
Psalm 75:3 "The earth and all the inhabitants thereof are dissolved: I bear up the pillars of it. Selah."
Jeremiah 33:10 "Thus saith the LORD; Again there shall be heard in this place, which ye say shall be desolate without man and without beast, even in the cities of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem, that are desolate, without man, and without inhabitant, and without beast,"
Job 13:19 "Who is he that will plead with me? for now, if I hold my tongue, I shall give up the ghost."
Psalm 82:1 "God standeth in the congregation of the mighty; he judgeth among the gods."
2 Samuel 2:24 "Joab also and Abishai pursued after Abner: and the sun went down when they were come to the hill of Ammah, that lieth before Giah by the way of the wilderness of Gibeon."
Joshua 19:26 "And Alammelech, and Amad, and Misheal; and reacheth to Carmel westward, and to Shihorlibnath;"
1 Samuel 25:25 "Let not my lord, I pray thee, regard this man of Belial, even Nabal: for as his name is, so is he; Nabal is his name, and folly is with him: but I thine handmaid saw not the young men of my lord, whom thou didst send."
Exodus 34:29 "And it came to pass, when Moses came down from mount Sinai with the two tables of testimony in Moses' hand, when he came down from the mount, that Moses wist not that the skin of his face shone while he talked with him."
Hebrews 4:4 "For he spake in a certain place of the seventh day on this wise, And God did rest the seventh day from all his works."
Judges 8:2 "And he said unto them, What have I done now in comparison of you? Is not the gleaning of the grapes of Ephraim better than the vintage of Abiezer?"
2 Kings 15:26 "And the rest of the acts of Pekahiah, and all that he did, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel."
Joshua 22:12 "And when the children of Israel heard of it, the whole congregation of the children of Israel gathered themselves together at Shiloh, to go up to war against them."
Genesis 25:11 "And it came to pass after the death of Abraham, that God blessed his son Isaac; and Isaac dwelt by the well Lahairoi."
1 Chronicles 16:22 "Saying, Touch not mine anointed, and do my prophets no harm."
Genesis 38:18 "And he said, What pledge shall I give thee? And she said, Thy signet, and thy bracelets, and thy staff that is in thine hand. And he gave it her, and came in unto her, and she conceived by him."
Luke 20:20 "And they watched him, and sent forth spies, which should feign themselves just men, that they might take hold of his words, that so they might deliver him unto the power and authority of the governor."
Psalm 102:23 "He weakened my strength in the way; he shortened my days."
2 Kings 11:21 "Seven years old was Jehoash when he began to reign."
1 Chronicles 10:7 "And when all the men of Israel that were in the valley saw that they fled, and that Saul and his sons were dead, then they forsook their cities, and fled: and the Philistines came and dwelt in them."
2 Chronicles 33:14 "Now after this he built a wall without the city of David, on the west side of Gihon, in the valley, even to the entering in at the fish gate, and compassed about Ophel, and raised it up a very great height, and put captains of war in all the fenced cities of Judah."
Joshua 9:4 "They did work wilily, and went and made as if they had been ambassadors, and took old sacks upon their asses, and wine bottles, old, and rent, and bound up;"
Jeremiah 22:24 "As I live, saith the LORD, though Coniah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah were the signet upon my right hand, yet would I pluck thee thence;"
2 Samuel 2:27 "And Joab said, As God liveth, unless thou hadst spoken, surely then in the morning the people had gone up every one from following his brother."
1 Chronicles 8:13 "Beriah also, and Shema, who were heads of the fathers of the inhabitants of Aijalon, who drove away the inhabitants of Gath:"
Job 13:18 "Behold now, I have ordered my cause; I know that I shall be justified."
1 Kings 2:18 "And Bathsheba said, Well; I will speak for thee unto the king."
Mark 9:9 "And as they came down from the mountain, he charged them that they should tell no man what things they had seen, till the Son of man were risen from the dead."
Deuteronomy 5:27 "Go thou near, and hear all that the LORD our God shall say: and speak thou unto us all that the LORD our God shall speak unto thee; and we will hear it, and do it."
Genesis 18:6 "And Abraham hastened into the tent unto Sarah, and said, Make ready quickly three measures of fine meal, knead it, and make cakes upon the hearth."
1 Kings 8:64 "The same day did the king hallow the middle of the court that was before the house of the LORD: for there he offered burnt offerings, and meat offerings, and the fat of the peace offerings: because the brazen altar that was before the LORD was too little to receive the burnt offerings, and meat offerings, and the fat of the peace offerings."
1 Kings 22:53 "For he served Baal, and worshipped him, and provoked to anger the LORD God of Israel, according to all that his father had done."
Judges 4:5 "And she dwelt under the palm tree of Deborah between Ramah and Bethel in mount Ephraim: and the children of Israel came up to her for judgment."
1 Peter 4:17 "For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God: and if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God?"
Genesis 19:3 "And he pressed upon them greatly; and they turned in unto him, and entered into his house; and he made them a feast, and did bake unleavened bread, and they did eat."
Jeremiah 50:14 "Put yourselves in array against Babylon round about: all ye that bend the bow, shoot at her, spare no arrows: for she hath sinned against the LORD."
Luke 12:4 "And I say unto you my friends, Be not afraid of them that kill the body, and after that have no more that they can do."
2 Chronicles 22:11 "But Jehoshabeath, the daughter of the king, took Joash the son of Ahaziah, and stole him from among the king's sons that were slain, and put him and his nurse in a bedchamber. So Jehoshabeath, the daughter of king Jehoram, the wife of Jehoiada the priest, (for she was the sister of Ahaziah,) hid him from Athaliah, so that she slew him not."
Leviticus 13:46 "All the days wherein the plague shall be in him he shall be defiled; he is unclean: he shall dwell alone; without the camp shall his habitation be."
Job 31:6 "Let me be weighed in an even balance that God may know mine integrity."
Numbers 6:22 "And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,"
Leviticus 19:19 "Ye shall keep my statutes. Thou shalt not let thy cattle gender with a diverse kind: thou shalt not sow thy field with mingled seed: neither shall a garment mingled of linen and woolen come upon thee."
Proverbs 21:13 "Whoso stoppeth his ears at the cry of the poor, he also shall cry himself, but shall not be heard."
Psalm 108:2 "Awake, psaltery and harp: I myself will awake early."
Titus 3:1 "Put them in mind to be subject to principalities and powers, to obey magistrates, to be ready to every good work,"
2 Thessalonians 1:7 "And to you who are troubled rest with us, when the Lord Jesus shall be revealed from heaven with his mighty angels,"
Numbers 29:34 "And one goat for a sin offering; beside the continual burnt offering, his meat offering, and his drink offering."
Acts 13:44 "And the next sabbath day came almost the whole city together to hear the word of God."
Genesis 5:24 "And Enoch walked with God: and he was not; for God took him."
Haggai 2:5 "According to the word that I covenanted with you when ye came out of Egypt, so my spirit remaineth among you: fear ye not."
2 Kings 3:18 "And this is but a light thing in the sight of the LORD: he will deliver the Moabites also into your hand."
Revelation 9:1 "And the fifth angel sounded, and I saw a star fall from heaven unto the earth: and to him was given the key of the bottomless pit."
Luke 23:34 "Then said Jesus, Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do. And they parted his raiment, and cast lots."
Mark 13:18 "And pray ye that your flight be not in the winter."
Genesis 41:33 "Now therefore let Pharaoh look out a man discreet and wise, and set him over the land of Egypt."
Job 16:16 "My face is foul with weeping, and on my eyelids is the shadow of death;"
John 19:16 "Then delivered he him therefore unto them to be crucified. And they took Jesus, and led him away."
Numbers 35:11 "Then ye shall appoint you cities to be cities of refuge for you; that the slayer may flee thither, which killeth any person at unawares."
Psalm 88:6 "Thou hast laid me in the lowest pit, in darkness, in the deeps."
Psalm 105:15 "Saying, Touch not mine anointed, and do my prophets no harm."
Leviticus 21:5 "They shall not make baldness upon their head, neither shall they shave off the corner of their beard, nor make any cuttings in their flesh."
Matthew 15:30 "And great multitudes came unto him, having with them those that were lame, blind, dumb, maimed, and many others, and cast them down at Jesus' feet; and he healed them:"
Ezekiel 40:13 "He measured then the gate from the roof of one little chamber to the roof of another: the breadth was five and twenty cubits, door against door."
Exodus 28:40 "And for Aaron's sons thou shalt make coats, and thou shalt make for them girdles, and bonnets shalt thou make for them, for glory and for beauty."
Romans 12:20 "Therefore if thine enemy hunger, feed him; if he thirst, give him drink: for in so doing thou shalt heap coals of fire on his head."
Genesis 43:15 "And the men took that present, and they took double money in their hand and Benjamin; and rose up, and went down to Egypt, and stood before Joseph."
Isaiah 43:13 "Yea, before the day was I am he; and there is none that can deliver out of my hand: I will work, and who shall let it?"
Numbers 3:3 "These are the names of the sons of Aaron, the priests which were anointed, whom he consecrated to minister in the priest's office."
Ezekiel 20:21 "Notwithstanding the children rebelled against me: they walked not in my statutes, neither kept my judgments to do them, which if a man do, he shall even live in them; they polluted my sabbaths: then I said, I would pour out my fury upon them, to accomplish my anger against them in the wilderness."
Romans 9:3 "For I could wish that myself were accursed from Christ for my brethren, my kinsmen according to the flesh:"
Acts 2:4 "And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance."
Acts 22:28 "And the chief captain answered, With a great sum obtained I this freedom. And Paul said, But I was free born."
Ecclesiastes 7:21 "Also take no heed unto all words that are spoken; lest thou hear thy servant curse thee:"
Ezra 6:19 "And the children of the captivity kept the passover upon the fourteenth day of the first month."
Ecclesiastes 6:1 "There is an evil which I have seen under the sun, and it is common among men:"
Hebrews 11:21 "By faith Jacob, when he was a dying, blessed both the sons of Joseph; and worshipped, leaning upon the top of his staff."
1 Kings 8:45 "Then hear thou in heaven their prayer and their supplication, and maintain their cause."
Genesis 21:13 "And also of the son of the bondwoman will I make a nation, because he is thy seed."
Genesis 48:4 "And said unto me, Behold, I will make thee fruitful, and multiply thee, and I will make of thee a multitude of people; and will give this land to thy seed after thee for an everlasting possession."
Numbers 2:13 "And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were fifty and nine thousand and three hundred."
2 Samuel 13:23 "And it came to pass after two full years, that Absalom had sheepshearers in Baalhazor, which is beside Ephraim: and Absalom invited all the king's sons."
Lamentations 2:10 "The elders of the daughter of Zion sit upon the ground, and keep silence: they have cast up dust upon their heads; they have girded themselves with sackcloth: the virgins of Jerusalem hang down their heads to the ground."
Luke 10:40 "But Martha was cumbered about much serving, and came to him, and said, Lord, dost thou not care that my sister hath left me to serve alone? bid her therefore that she help me."
1 Samuel 15:13 "And Samuel came to Saul: and Saul said unto him, Blessed be thou of the LORD: I have performed the commandment of the LORD."
2 Peter 3:5 "For this they willingly are ignorant of, that by the word of God the heavens were of old, and the earth standing out of the water and in the water:"
2 Peter 2:20 "For if after they have escaped the pollutions of the world through the knowledge of the Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, they are again entangled therein, and overcome, the latter end is worse with them than the beginning."
1 Thessalonians 1:7 "So that ye were ensamples to all that believe in Macedonia and Achaia."
1 Chronicles 12:14 "These were of the sons of Gad, captains of the host: one of the least was over an hundred, and the greatest over a thousand."
Leviticus 27:8 "But if he be poorer than thy estimation, then he shall present himself before the priest, and the priest shall value him; according to his ability that vowed shall the priest value him."
Luke 22:9 "And they said unto him, Where wilt thou that we prepare?"
Ezra 2:33 "The children of Lod, Hadid, and Ono, seven hundred twenty and five."
Jeremiah 15:10 "Woe is me, my mother, that thou hast borne me a man of strife and a man of contention to the whole earth! I have neither lent on usury, nor men have lent to me on usury; yet every one of them doth curse me."
Nehemiah 1:7 "We have dealt very corruptly against thee, and have not kept the commandments, nor the statutes, nor the judgments, which thou commandedst thy servant Moses."
Psalm 78:72 "So he fed them according to the integrity of his heart; and guided them by the skilfulness of his hands."
Daniel 7:14 "And there was given him dominion, and glory, and a kingdom, that all people, nations, and languages, should serve him: his dominion is an everlasting dominion, which shall not pass away, and his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed."
Acts 3:9 "And all the people saw him walking and praising God:"
Psalm 128:1 "Blessed is every one that feareth the LORD; that walketh in his ways."
Ezekiel 1:22 "And the likeness of the firmament upon the heads of the living creature was as the colour of the terrible crystal, stretched forth over their heads above."
1 Samuel 14:45 "And the people said unto Saul, Shall Jonathan die, who hath wrought this great salvation in Israel? God forbid: as the LORD liveth, there shall not one hair of his head fall to the ground; for he hath wrought with God this day. So the people rescued Jonathan, that he died not."
Psalm 145:5 "I will speak of the glorious honour of thy majesty, and of thy wondrous works."
Leviticus 22:26 "And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,"
2 Thessalonians 1:3 "We are bound to thank God always for you, brethren, as it is meet, because that your faith groweth exceedingly, and the charity of every one of you all toward each other aboundeth;"
2 Samuel 11:9 "But Uriah slept at the door of the king's house with all the servants of his lord, and went not down to his house."
Numbers 36:12 "And they were married into the families of the sons of Manasseh the son of Joseph, and their inheritance remained in the tribe of the family of their father."
Proverbs 13:1 "A wise son heareth his father's instruction: but a scorner heareth not rebuke."
John 2:19 "Jesus answered and said unto them, Destroy this temple, and in three days I will raise it up."
Deuteronomy 12:14 "But in the place which the LORD shall choose in one of thy tribes, there thou shalt offer thy burnt offerings, and there thou shalt do all that I command thee."
Luke 9:12 "And when the day began to wear away, then came the twelve, and said unto him, Send the multitude away, that they may go into the towns and country round about, and lodge, and get victuals: for we are here in a desert place."
Matthew 23:4 "For they bind heavy burdens and grievous to be borne, and lay them on men's shoulders; but they themselves will not move them with one of their fingers."
2 John 1:2 "For the truth's sake, which dwelleth in us, and shall be with us for ever."
Daniel 6:22 "My God hath sent his angel, and hath shut the lions' mouths, that they have not hurt me: forasmuch as before him innocency was found in me; and also before thee, O king, have I done no hurt."
Exodus 12:27 "That ye shall say, It is the sacrifice of the LORD's passover, who passed over the houses of the children of Israel in Egypt, when he smote the Egyptians, and delivered our houses. And the people bowed the head and worshipped."
Ezekiel 20:10 "Wherefore I caused them to go forth out of the land of Egypt, and brought them into the wilderness."
Job 13:1 "Lo, mine eye hath seen all this, mine ear hath heard and understood it."
Exodus 35:26 "And all the women whose heart stirred them up in wisdom spun goats' hair."
John 15:5 "I am the vine, ye are the branches: He that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit: for without me ye can do nothing."
Acts 2:12 "And they were all amazed, and were in doubt, saying one to another, What meaneth this?"
Psalm 74:16 "The day is thine, the night also is thine: thou hast prepared the light and the sun."
Psalm 65:11 "Thou crownest the year with thy goodness; and thy paths drop fatness."
Deuteronomy 33:18 "And of Zebulun he said, Rejoice, Zebulun, in thy going out; and, Issachar, in thy tents."
Zechariah 5:8 "And he said, This is wickedness. And he cast it into the midst of the ephah; and he cast the weight of lead upon the mouth thereof."
Mark 7:21 "For from within, out of the heart of men, proceed evil thoughts, adulteries, fornications, murders,"
Psalm 89:33 "Nevertheless my lovingkindness will I not utterly take from him, nor suffer my faithfulness to fail."
Proverbs 1:20 "Wisdom crieth without; she uttereth her voice in the streets:"
1 Kings 12:32 "And Jeroboam ordained a feast in the eighth month, on the fifteenth day of the month, like unto the feast that is in Judah, and he offered upon the altar. So did he in Bethel, sacrificing unto the calves that he had made: and he placed in Bethel the priests of the high places which he had made."
Jeremiah 32:16 "Now when I had delivered the evidence of the purchase unto Baruch the son of Neriah, I prayed unto the LORD, saying,"
Judges 6:28 "And when the men of the city arose early in the morning, behold, the altar of Baal was cast down, and the grove was cut down that was by it, and the second bullock was offered upon the altar that was built."
Numbers 9:20 "And so it was, when the cloud was a few days upon the tabernacle; according to the commandment of the LORD they abode in their tents, and according to the commandment of the LORD they journeyed."
1 Chronicles 13:4 "And all the congregation said that they would do so: for the thing was right in the eyes of all the people."
Genesis 26:32 "And it came to pass the same day, that Isaac's servants came, and told him concerning the well which they had digged, and said unto him, We have found water."
1 Chronicles 28:7 "Moreover I will establish his kingdom for ever, if he be constant to do my commandments and my judgments, as at this day."
Luke 12:48 "But he that knew not, and did commit things worthy of stripes, shall be beaten with few stripes. For unto whomsoever much is given, of him shall be much required: and to whom men have committed much, of him they will ask the more."
Job 34:5 "For Job hath said, I am righteous: and God hath taken away my judgment."
Zechariah 1:7 "Upon the four and twentieth day of the eleventh month, which is the month Sebat, in the second year of Darius, came the word of the LORD unto Zechariah, the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo the prophet, saying,"
Genesis 41:46 "And Joseph was thirty years old when he stood before Pharaoh king of Egypt. And Joseph went out from the presence of Pharaoh, and went throughout all the land of Egypt."
1 Kings 16:12 "Thus did Zimri destroy all the house of Baasha, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake against Baasha by Jehu the prophet."
Revelation 14:17 "And another angel came out of the temple which is in heaven, he also having a sharp sickle."
Proverbs 4:18 "But the path of the just is as the shining light, that shineth more and more unto the perfect day."
1 Corinthians 1:28 "And base things of the world, and things which are despised, hath God chosen, yea, and things which are not, to bring to nought things that are:"
Exodus 7:12 "For they cast down every man his rod, and they became serpents: but Aaron's rod swallowed up their rods."
Amos 7:13 "But prophesy not again any more at Bethel: for it is the king's chapel, and it is the king's court."
2 Samuel 23:17 "And he said, Be it far from me, O LORD, that I should do this: is not this the blood of the men that went in jeopardy of their lives? therefore he would not drink it. These things did these three mighty men."
Luke 15:24 "For this my son was dead, and is alive again; he was lost, and is found. And they began to be merry."
Deuteronomy 14:10 "And whatsoever hath not fins and scales ye may not eat; it is unclean unto you."
Jeremiah 9:10 "For the mountains will I take up a weeping and wailing, and for the habitations of the wilderness a lamentation, because they are burned up, so that none can pass through them; neither can men hear the voice of the cattle; both the fowl of the heavens and the beast are fled; they are gone."
Numbers 3:23 "The families of the Gershonites shall pitch behind the tabernacle westward."
Revelation 14:4 "These are they which were not defiled with women; for they are virgins. These are they which follow the Lamb whithersoever he goeth. These were redeemed from among men, being the firstfruits unto God and to the Lamb."
Revelation 21:27 "And there shall in no wise enter into it any thing that defileth, neither whatsoever worketh abomination, or maketh a lie: but they which are written in the Lamb's book of life."
Mark 5:5 "And always, night and day, he was in the mountains, and in the tombs, crying, and cutting himself with stones."
Leviticus 25:53 "And as a yearly hired servant shall he be with him: and the other shall not rule with rigor over him in thy sight."
1 Thessalonians 5:17 "Pray without ceasing."
Joshua 2:9 "And she said unto the men, I know that the LORD hath given you the land, and that your terror is fallen upon us, and that all the inhabitants of the land faint because of you."
Deuteronomy 14:3 "Thou shalt not eat any abominable thing."
Exodus 36:17 "And he made fifty loops upon the uttermost edge of the curtain in the coupling, and fifty loops made he upon the edge of the curtain which coupleth the second."
Psalm 34:6 "This poor man cried, and the LORD heard him, and saved him out of all his troubles."
Ezekiel 28:25 "Thus saith the Lord GOD; When I shall have gathered the house of Israel from the people among whom they are scattered, and shall be sanctified in them in the sight of the heathen, then shall they dwell in their land that I have given to my servant Jacob."
1 Thessalonians 5:6 "Therefore let us not sleep, as do others; but let us watch and be sober."
Judges 20:33 "And all the men of Israel rose up out of their place, and put themselves in array at Baaltamar: and the liers in wait of Israel came forth out of their places, even out of the meadows of Gibeah."
1 Corinthians 8:10 "For if any man see thee which hast knowledge sit at meat in the idol's temple, shall not the conscience of him which is weak be emboldened to eat those things which are offered to idols;"
Deuteronomy 21:20 "And they shall say unto the elders of his city, This our son is stubborn and rebellious, he will not obey our voice; he is a glutton, and a drunkard."
Proverbs 31:2 "What, my son? and what, the son of my womb? and what, the son of my vows?"
2 Samuel 19:21 "But Abishai the son of Zeruiah answered and said, Shall not Shimei be put to death for this, because he cursed the LORD's anointed?"
Amos 4:12 "Therefore thus will I do unto thee, O Israel: and because I will do this unto thee, prepare to meet thy God, O Israel."
Joshua 18:20 "And Jordan was the border of it on the east side. This was the inheritance of the children of Benjamin, by the coasts thereof round about, according to their families."
Acts 7:3 "And said unto him, Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and come into the land which I shall shew thee."
Luke 18:29 "And he said unto them, Verily I say unto you, There is no man that hath left house, or parents, or brethren, or wife, or children, for the kingdom of God's sake,"
Matthew 8:28 "And when he was come to the other side into the country of the Gergesenes, there met him two possessed with devils, coming out of the tombs, exceeding fierce, so that no man might pass by that way."
Ezekiel 16:4 "And as for thy nativity, in the day thou wast born thy navel was not cut, neither wast thou washed in water to supple thee; thou wast not salted at all, nor swaddled at all."
Exodus 8:24 "And the LORD did so; and there came a grievous swarm of flies into the house of Pharaoh, and into his servants' houses, and into all the land of Egypt: the land was corrupted by reason of the swarm of flies."
Leviticus 15:25 "And if a woman have an issue of her blood many days out of the time of her separation, or if it run beyond the time of her separation; all the days of the issue of her uncleanness shall be as the days of her separation: she shall be unclean."
Proverbs 28:3 "A poor man that oppresseth the poor is like a sweeping rain which leaveth no food."
Titus 1:9 "Holding fast the faithful word as he hath been taught, that he may be able by sound doctrine both to exhort and to convince the gainsayers."
Zechariah 2:10 "Sing and rejoice, O daughter of Zion: for, lo, I come, and I will dwell in the midst of thee, saith the LORD."
1 Chronicles 2:49 "She bare also Shaaph the father of Madmannah, Sheva the father of Machbenah, and the father of Gibea: and the daughter of Caleb was Achsa."
Judges 20:44 "And there fell of Benjamin eighteen thousand men; all these were men of valor."
Jeremiah 19:11 "And shalt say unto them, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Even so will I break this people and this city, as one breaketh a potter's vessel, that cannot be made whole again: and they shall bury them in Tophet, till there be no place to bury."
2 Chronicles 16:10 "Then Asa was wroth with the seer, and put him in a prison house; for he was in a rage with him because of this thing. And Asa oppressed some of the people the same time."
Proverbs 13:9 "The light of the righteous rejoiceth: but the lamp of the wicked shall be put out."
Jeremiah 31:8 "Behold, I will bring them from the north country, and gather them from the coasts of the earth, and with them the blind and the lame, the woman with child and her that travaileth with child together: a great company shall return thither."
Deuteronomy 28:2 "And all these blessings shall come on thee, and overtake thee, if thou shalt hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God."
Job 40:6 "Then answered the LORD unto Job out of the whirlwind, and said,"
2 Thessalonians 3:7 "For yourselves know how ye ought to follow us: for we behaved not ourselves disorderly among you;"
Genesis 20:4 "But Abimelech had not come near her: and he said, LORD, wilt thou slay also a righteous nation?"
Ezekiel 13:4 "O Israel, thy prophets are like the foxes in the deserts."
Psalm 83:6 "The tabernacles of Edom, and the Ishmaelites; of Moab, and the Hagarenes;"
Philemon 1:21 "Having confidence in thy obedience I wrote unto thee, knowing that thou wilt also do more than I say."
Genesis 41:19 "And, behold, seven other kine came up after them, poor and very ill favored and leanfleshed, such as I never saw in all the land of Egypt for badness:"
Exodus 19:4 "Ye have seen what I did unto the Egyptians, and how I bare you on eagles' wings, and brought you unto myself."
2 Corinthians 12:14 "Behold, the third time I am ready to come to you; and I will not be burdensome to you: for I seek not your's but you: for the children ought not to lay up for the parents, but the parents for the children."
Jude 1:18 "How that they told you there should be mockers in the last time, who should walk after their own ungodly lusts."
Judges 7:25 "And they took two princes of the Midianites, Oreb and Zeeb; and they slew Oreb upon the rock Oreb, and Zeeb they slew at the winepress of Zeeb, and pursued Midian, and brought the heads of Oreb and Zeeb to Gideon on the other side Jordan."
1 Samuel 26:10 "David said furthermore, As the LORD liveth, the LORD shall smite him; or his day shall come to die; or he shall descend into battle, and perish."
Romans 9:31 "But Israel, which followed after the law of righteousness, hath not attained to the law of righteousness."
1 Kings 19:15 "And the LORD said unto him, Go, return on thy way to the wilderness of Damascus: and when thou comest, anoint Hazael to be king over Syria:"
1 Samuel 25:8 "Ask thy young men, and they will show thee. Wherefore let the young men find favor in thine eyes: for we come in a good day: give, I pray thee, whatsoever cometh to thine hand unto thy servants, and to thy son David."
Daniel 8:16 "And I heard a man's voice between the banks of Ulai, which called, and said, Gabriel, make this man to understand the vision."
2 Chronicles 6:29 "Then what prayer or what supplication soever shall be made of any man, or of all thy people Israel, when every one shall know his own sore and his own grief, and shall spread forth his hands in this house:"
Joel 2:14 "Who knoweth if he will return and repent, and leave a blessing behind him; even a meat offering and a drink offering unto the LORD your God?"
Psalm 91:14 "Because he hath set his love upon me, therefore will I deliver him: I will set him on high, because he hath known my name."
Daniel 5:27 "TEKEL; Thou art weighed in the balances, and art found wanting."
James 5:2 "Your riches are corrupted, and your garments are motheaten."
1 Corinthians 3:23 "And ye are Christ's; and Christ is God's."
Acts 21:16 "There went with us also certain of the disciples of Caesarea, and brought with them one Mnason of Cyprus, an old disciple, with whom we should lodge."
Exodus 34:2 "And be ready in the morning, and come up in the morning unto mount Sinai, and present thyself there to me in the top of the mount."
Genesis 19:1 "And there came two angels to Sodom at even; and Lot sat in the gate of Sodom: and Lot seeing them rose up to meet them; and he bowed himself with his face toward the ground;"
Revelation 21:21 "And the twelve gates were twelve pearls: every several gate was of one pearl: and the street of the city was pure gold, as it were transparent glass."
2 Chronicles 19:7 "Wherefore now let the fear of the LORD be upon you; take heed and do it: for there is no iniquity with the LORD our God, nor respect of persons, nor taking of gifts."
Psalm 37:16 "A little that a righteous man hath is better than the riches of many wicked."
Isaiah 34:5 "For my sword shall be bathed in heaven: behold, it shall come down upon Idumea, and upon the people of my curse, to judgment."
Zechariah 10:6 "And I will strengthen the house of Judah, and I will save the house of Joseph, and I will bring them again to place them; for I have mercy upon them: and they shall be as though I had not cast them off: for I am the LORD their God, and will hear them."
Ecclesiastes 2:7 "I got me servants and maidens, and had servants born in my house; also I had great possessions of great and small cattle above all that were in Jerusalem before me:"
2 Thessalonians 2:14 "Whereunto he called you by our gospel, to the obtaining of the glory of our Lord Jesus Christ."
Luke 22:32 "But I have prayed for thee, that thy faith fail not: and when thou art converted, strengthen thy brethren."
Daniel 1:1 "In the third year of the reign of Jehoiakim king of Judah came Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon unto Jerusalem, and besieged it."
Psalm 83:5 "For they have consulted together with one consent: they are confederate against thee:"
1 Corinthians 11:34 "And if any man hunger, let him eat at home; that ye come not together unto condemnation. And the rest will I set in order when I come."
Hebrews 7:4 "Now consider how great this man was, unto whom even the patriarch Abraham gave the tenth of the spoils."
Leviticus 14:51 "And he shall take the cedar wood, and the hyssop, and the scarlet, and the living bird, and dip them in the blood of the slain bird, and in the running water, and sprinkle the house seven times:"
Acts 8:20 "But Peter said unto him, Thy money perish with thee, because thou hast thought that the gift of God may be purchased with money."
Nehemiah 11:15 "Also of the Levites: Shemaiah the son of Hashub, the son of Azrikam, the son of Hashabiah, the son of Bunni;"
Exodus 7:24 "And all the Egyptians digged round about the river for water to drink; for they could not drink of the water of the river."
Isaiah 8:5 "The LORD spake also unto me again, saying,"
Acts 1:16 "Men and brethren, this scripture must needs have been fulfilled, which the Holy Ghost by the mouth of David spake before concerning Judas, which was guide to them that took Jesus."
Numbers 4:38 "And those that were numbered of the sons of Gershon, throughout their families, and by the house of their fathers,"
2 Corinthians 9:5 "Therefore I thought it necessary to exhort the brethren, that they would go before unto you, and make up beforehand your bounty, whereof ye had notice before, that the same might be ready, as a matter of bounty, and not as of covetousness."
Acts 2:34 "For David is not ascended into the heavens: but he saith himself, The Lord said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand,"
Luke 4:15 "And he taught in their synagogues, being glorified of all."
Proverbs 16:25 "There is a way that seemeth right unto a man, but the end thereof are the ways of death."
Hebrews 9:15 "And for this cause he is the mediator of the new testament, that by means of death, for the redemption of the transgressions that were under the first testament, they which are called might receive the promise of eternal inheritance."
2 Samuel 18:27 "And the watchman said, Me thinketh the running of the foremost is like the running of Ahimaaz the son of Zadok. And the king said, He is a good man, and cometh with good tidings."
2 Kings 2:16 "And they said unto him, Behold now, there be with thy servants fifty strong men; let them go, we pray thee, and seek thy master: lest peradventure the Spirit of the LORD hath taken him up, and cast him upon some mountain, or into some valley. And he said, Ye shall not send."
Job 42:5 "I have heard of thee by the hearing of the ear: but now mine eye seeth thee."
2 Chronicles 12:15 "Now the acts of Rehoboam, first and last, are they not written in the book of Shemaiah the prophet, and of Iddo the seer concerning genealogies? And there were wars between Rehoboam and Jeroboam continually."
1 Corinthians 1:31 "That, according as it is written, He that glorieth, let him glory in the Lord."
Leviticus 13:50 "And the priest shall look upon the plague, and shut up it that hath the plague seven days:"
John 18:15 "And Simon Peter followed Jesus, and so did another disciple: that disciple was known unto the high priest, and went in with Jesus into the palace of the high priest."
Leviticus 7:38 "Which the LORD commanded Moses in mount Sinai, in the day that he commanded the children of Israel to offer their oblations unto the LORD, in the wilderness of Sinai."
1 Kings 18:7 "And as Obadiah was in the way, behold, Elijah met him: and he knew him, and fell on his face, and said, Art thou that my lord Elijah?"
Isaiah 5:26 "And he will lift up an ensign to the nations from far, and will hiss unto them from the end of the earth: and, behold, they shall come with speed swiftly:"
Exodus 4:14 "And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Moses, and he said, Is not Aaron the Levite thy brother? I know that he can speak well. And also, behold, he cometh forth to meet thee: and when he seeth thee, he will be glad in his heart."
2 Kings 18:20 "Thou sayest, (but they are but vain words,) I have counsel and strength for the war. Now on whom dost thou trust, that thou rebellest against me?"
Ezekiel 20:14 "But I wrought for my name's sake, that it should not be polluted before the heathen, in whose sight I brought them out."
Jeremiah 3:21 "A voice was heard upon the high places, weeping and supplications of the children of Israel: for they have perverted their way, and they have forgotten the LORD their God."
1 Timothy 5:15 "For some are already turned aside after Satan."
Leviticus 18:28 "That the land spue not you out also, when ye defile it, as it spued out the nations that were before you."
Judges 2:2 "And ye shall make no league with the inhabitants of this land; ye shall throw down their altars: but ye have not obeyed my voice: why have ye done this?"
Nehemiah 13:12 "Then brought all Judah the tithe of the corn and the new wine and the oil unto the treasuries."
Psalm 63:8 "My soul followeth hard after thee: thy right hand upholdeth me."
1 Chronicles 16:41 "And with them Heman and Jeduthun, and the rest that were chosen, who were expressed by name, to give thanks to the LORD, because his mercy endureth for ever;"
Revelation 20:3 "And cast him into the bottomless pit, and shut him up, and set a seal upon him, that he should deceive the nations no more, till the thousand years should be fulfilled: and after that he must be loosed a little season."
John 1:29 "The next day John seeth Jesus coming unto him, and saith, Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world."
Genesis 30:43 "And the man increased exceedingly, and had much cattle, and maidservants, and menservants, and camels, and asses."
Ecclesiastes 4:14 "For out of prison he cometh to reign; whereas also he that is born in his kingdom becometh poor."
Genesis 29:20 "And Jacob served seven years for Rachel; and they seemed unto him but a few days, for the love he had to her."
Ezekiel 29:1 "In the tenth year, in the tenth month, in the twelfth day of the month, the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,"
Psalm 111:9 "He sent redemption unto his people: he hath commanded his covenant for ever: holy and reverend is his name."
Ecclesiastes 5:9 "Moreover the profit of the earth is for all: the king himself is served by the field."
Leviticus 15:3 "And this shall be his uncleanness in his issue: whether his flesh run with his issue, or his flesh be stopped from his issue, it is his uncleanness."
Deuteronomy 29:20 "The LORD will not spare him, but then the anger of the LORD and his jealousy shall smoke against that man, and all the curses that are written in this book shall lie upon him, and the LORD shall blot out his name from under heaven."
Ephesians 1:15 "Wherefore I also, after I heard of your faith in the Lord Jesus, and love unto all the saints,"
Luke 10:22 "All things are delivered to me of my Father: and no man knoweth who the Son is, but the Father; and who the Father is, but the Son, and he to whom the Son will reveal him."
Nehemiah 7:60 "All the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon's servants, were three hundred ninety and two."
Isaiah 10:32 "As yet shall he remain at Nob that day: he shall shake his hand against the mount of the daughter of Zion, the hill of Jerusalem."
Ecclesiastes 10:5 "There is an evil which I have seen under the sun, as an error which proceedeth from the ruler:"
1 Corinthians 5:6 "Your glorying is not good. Know ye not that a little leaven leaveneth the whole lump?"
2 Kings 14:19 "Now they made a conspiracy against him in Jerusalem: and he fled to Lachish; but they sent after him to Lachish, and slew him there."
1 Kings 18:22 "Then said Elijah unto the people, I, even I only, remain a prophet of the LORD; but Baal's prophets are four hundred and fifty men."
Isaiah 36:16 "Hearken not to Hezekiah: for thus saith the king of Assyria, Make an agreement with me by a present, and come out to me: and eat ye every one of his vine, and every one of his fig tree, and drink ye every one the waters of his own cistern;"
Genesis 43:14 "And God Almighty give you mercy before the man, that he may send away your other brother, and Benjamin. If I be bereaved of my children, I am bereaved."
1 Chronicles 9:10 "And of the priests; Jedaiah, and Jehoiarib, and Jachin,"
Ezra 8:16 "Then sent I for Eliezer, for Ariel, for Shemaiah, and for Elnathan, and for Jarib, and for Elnathan, and for Nathan, and for Zechariah, and for Meshullam, chief men; also for Joiarib, and for Elnathan, men of understanding."
Numbers 23:16 "And the LORD met Balaam, and put a word in his mouth, and said, Go again unto Balak, and say thus."
Judges 15:19 "But God clave an hollow place that was in the jaw, and there came water thereout; and when he had drunk, his spirit came again, and he revived: wherefore he called the name thereof Enhakkore, which is in Lehi unto this day."
1 Chronicles 26:5 "Ammiel the sixth, Issachar the seventh, Peulthai the eighth: for God blessed him."
Jeremiah 18:18 "Then said they, Come and let us devise devices against Jeremiah; for the law shall not perish from the priest, nor counsel from the wise, nor the word from the prophet. Come, and let us smite him with the tongue, and let us not give heed to any of his words."
Isaiah 48:15 "I, even I, have spoken; yea, I have called him: I have brought him, and he shall make his way prosperous."
2 Chronicles 4:15 "One sea, and twelve oxen under it."
Job 8:8 "For enquire, I pray thee, of the former age, and prepare thyself to the search of their fathers:"
Judges 3:24 "When he was gone out, his servants came; and when they saw that, behold, the doors of the parlor were locked, they said, Surely he covereth his feet in his summer chamber."
2 Kings 8:15 "And it came to pass on the morrow, that he took a thick cloth, and dipped it in water, and spread it on his face, so that he died: and Hazael reigned in his stead."
Jeremiah 33:20 "Thus saith the LORD; If ye can break my covenant of the day, and my covenant of the night, and that there should not be day and night in their season;"
Matthew 13:56 "And his sisters, are they not all with us? Whence then hath this man all these things?"
John 8:19 "Then said they unto him, Where is thy Father? Jesus answered, Ye neither know me, nor my Father: if ye had known me, ye should have known my Father also."
Matthew 9:16 "No man putteth a piece of new cloth unto an old garment, for that which is put in to fill it up taketh from the garment, and the rent is made worse."
Daniel 11:11 "And the king of the south shall be moved with choler, and shall come forth and fight with him, even with the king of the north: and he shall set forth a great multitude; but the multitude shall be given into his hand."
Ezekiel 4:17 "That they may want bread and water, and be astonied one with another, and consume away for their iniquity."
Proverbs 8:32 "Now therefore hearken unto me, O ye children: for blessed are they that keep my ways."
1 Peter 1:17 "And if ye call on the Father, who without respect of persons judgeth according to every man's work, pass the time of your sojourning here in fear:"
Jeremiah 7:2 "Stand in the gate of the LORD's house, and proclaim there this word, and say, Hear the word of the LORD, all ye of Judah, that enter in at these gates to worship the LORD."
Proverbs 31:19 "She layeth her hands to the spindle, and her hands hold the distaff."
Song of Solomon 8:14 "Make haste, my beloved, and be thou like to a roe or to a young hart upon the mountains of spices."
Daniel 11:42 "He shall stretch forth his hand also upon the countries: and the land of Egypt shall not escape."
Jeremiah 51:48 "Then the heaven and the earth, and all that is therein, shall sing for Babylon: for the spoilers shall come unto her from the north, saith the LORD."
Ezekiel 29:9 "And the land of Egypt shall be desolate and waste; and they shall know that I am the LORD: because he hath said, The river is mine, and I have made it."
Revelation 16:14 "For they are the spirits of devils, working miracles, which go forth unto the kings of the earth and of the whole world, to gather them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty."
1 Chronicles 23:14 "Now concerning Moses the man of God, his sons were named of the tribe of Levi."
John 17:10 "And all mine are thine, and thine are mine; and I am glorified in them."
Psalm 147:6 "The LORD lifteth up the meek: he casteth the wicked down to the ground."
Job 15:4 "Yea, thou castest off fear, and restrainest prayer before God."
1 Chronicles 22:5 "And David said, Solomon my son is young and tender, and the house that is to be builded for the LORD must be exceeding magnificent, of fame and of glory throughout all countries: I will therefore now make preparation for it. So David prepared abundantly before his death."
John 14:23 "Jesus answered and said unto him, If a man love me, he will keep my words: and my Father will love him, and we will come unto him, and make our abode with him."
Psalm 3:7 "Arise, O LORD; save me, O my God: for thou hast smitten all mine enemies upon the cheek bone; thou hast broken the teeth of the ungodly."
Jeremiah 38:23 "So they shall bring out all thy wives and thy children to the Chaldeans: and thou shalt not escape out of their hand, but shalt be taken by the hand of the king of Babylon: and thou shalt cause this city to be burned with fire."
2 Kings 17:35 "With whom the LORD had made a covenant, and charged them, saying, Ye shall not fear other gods, nor bow yourselves to them, nor serve them, nor sacrifice to them:"
1 Samuel 27:5 "And David said unto Achish, If I have now found grace in thine eyes, let them give me a place in some town in the country, that I may dwell there: for why should thy servant dwell in the royal city with thee?"
Proverbs 4:24 "Put away from thee a froward mouth, and perverse lips put far from thee."
Hosea 5:4 "They will not frame their doings to turn unto their God: for the spirit of whoredoms is in the midst of them, and they have not known the LORD."
Zechariah 6:13 "Even he shall build the temple of the LORD; and he shall bear the glory, and shall sit and rule upon his throne; and he shall be a priest upon his throne: and the counsel of peace shall be between them both."
John 6:5 "When Jesus then lifted up his eyes, and saw a great company come unto him, he saith unto Philip, Whence shall we buy bread, that these may eat?"
Mark 9:31 "For he taught his disciples, and said unto them, The Son of man is delivered into the hands of men, and they shall kill him; and after that he is killed, he shall rise the third day."
Judges 15:11 "Then three thousand men of Judah went to the top of the rock Etam, and said to Samson, Knowest thou not that the Philistines are rulers over us? what is this that thou hast done unto us? And he said unto them, As they did unto me, so have I done unto them."
Psalm 78:28 "And he let it fall in the midst of their camp, round about their habitations."
Proverbs 16:18 "Pride goeth before destruction, and an haughty spirit before a fall."
Mark 14:66 "And as Peter was beneath in the palace, there cometh one of the maids of the high priest:"
Hebrews 10:8 "Above when he said, Sacrifice and offering and burnt offerings and offering for sin thou wouldest not, neither hadst pleasure therein; which are offered by the law;"
2 Chronicles 11:10 "And Zorah, and Aijalon, and Hebron, which are in Judah and in Benjamin fenced cities."
Joshua 3:9 "And Joshua said unto the children of Israel, Come hither, and hear the words of the LORD your God."
Matthew 5:2 "And he opened his mouth, and taught them, saying,"
Philippians 1:15 "Some indeed preach Christ even of envy and strife; and some also of good will:"
Isaiah 30:10 "Which say to the seers, See not; and to the prophets, Prophesy not unto us right things, speak unto us smooth things, prophesy deceits:"
Proverbs 14:20 "The poor is hated even of his own neighbour: but the rich hath many friends."
Esther 2:6 "Who had been carried away from Jerusalem with the captivity which had been carried away with Jeconiah king of Judah, whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away."
2 Kings 10:23 "And Jehu went, and Jehonadab the son of Rechab, into the house of Baal, and said unto the worshippers of Baal, Search, and look that there be here with you none of the servants of the LORD, but the worshippers of Baal only."
1 Kings 1:21 "Otherwise it shall come to pass, when my lord the king shall sleep with his fathers, that I and my son Solomon shall be counted offenders."
Psalm 109:20 "Let this be the reward of mine adversaries from the LORD, and of them that speak evil against my soul."
Jeremiah 36:14 "Therefore all the princes sent Jehudi the son of Nethaniah, the son of Shelemiah, the son of Cushi, unto Baruch, saying, Take in thine hand the roll wherein thou hast read in the ears of the people, and come. So Baruch the son of Neriah took the roll in his hand, and came unto them."
1 Peter 2:7 "Unto you therefore which believe he is precious: but unto them which be disobedient, the stone which the builders disallowed, the same is made the head of the corner,"
Psalm 38:4 "For mine iniquities are gone over mine head: as an heavy burden they are too heavy for me."
Hosea 4:16 "For Israel slideth back as a backsliding heifer: now the LORD will feed them as a lamb in a large place."
Deuteronomy 28:8 "The LORD shall command the blessing upon thee in thy storehouses, and in all that thou settest thine hand unto; and he shall bless thee in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee."
1 Chronicles 16:29 "Give unto the LORD the glory due unto his name: bring an offering, and come before him: worship the LORD in the beauty of holiness."
1 Corinthians 2:16 "For who hath known the mind of the Lord, that he may instruct him? But we have the mind of Christ."
Matthew 19:20 "The young man saith unto him, All these things have I kept from my youth up: what lack I yet?"
John 3:27 "John answered and said, A man can receive nothing, except it be given him from heaven."
Psalm 46:3 "Though the waters thereof roar and be troubled, though the mountains shake with the swelling thereof. Selah."
1 Samuel 24:17 "And he said to David, Thou art more righteous than I: for thou hast rewarded me good, whereas I have rewarded thee evil."
Ephesians 3:10 "To the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be known by the church the manifold wisdom of God,"
2 Kings 11:6 "And a third part shall be at the gate of Sur; and a third part at the gate behind the guard: so shall ye keep the watch of the house, that it be not broken down."
Jeremiah 16:10 "And it shall come to pass, when thou shalt shew this people all these words, and they shall say unto thee, Wherefore hath the LORD pronounced all this great evil against us? or what is our iniquity? or what is our sin that we have committed against the LORD our God?"
Matthew 17:1 "And after six days Jesus taketh Peter, James, and John his brother, and bringeth them up into an high mountain apart,"
2 Kings 17:31 "And the Avites made Nibhaz and Tartak, and the Sepharvites burnt their children in fire to Adrammelech and Anammelech, the gods of Sepharvaim."
Luke 14:34 "Salt is good: but if the salt have lost his savour, wherewith shall it be seasoned?"
Acts 16:21 "And teach customs, which are not lawful for us to receive, neither to observe, being Romans."
2 Kings 8:20 "In his days Edom revolted from under the hand of Judah, and made a king over themselves."
John 1:8 "He was not that Light, but was sent to bear witness of that Light."
Job 16:5 "But I would strengthen you with my mouth, and the moving of my lips should asswage your grief."
Proverbs 31:7 "Let him drink, and forget his poverty, and remember his misery no more."
2 Kings 17:33 "They feared the LORD, and served their own gods, after the manner of the nations whom they carried away from thence."
2 Samuel 22:33 "God is my strength and power: and he maketh my way perfect."
Luke 8:32 "And there was there an herd of many swine feeding on the mountain: and they besought him that he would suffer them to enter into them. And he suffered them."
Acts 27:25 "Wherefore, sirs, be of good cheer: for I believe God, that it shall be even as it was told me."
Job 42:17 "So Job died, being old and full of days."
Psalm 22:28 "For the kingdom is the LORD's: and he is the governor among the nations."
2 Kings 6:2 "Let us go, we pray thee, unto Jordan, and take thence every man a beam, and let us make us a place there, where we may dwell. And he answered, Go ye."
