Jeremiah 32:22 "And hast given them this land, which thou didst swear to their fathers to give them, a land flowing with milk and honey;"
Zechariah 4:7 "Who art thou, O great mountain? before Zerubbabel thou shalt become a plain: and he shall bring forth the headstone thereof with shoutings, crying, Grace, grace unto it."
Jeremiah 5:4 "Therefore I said, Surely these are poor; they are foolish: for they know not the way of the LORD, nor the judgment of their God."
Proverbs 14:27 "The fear of the LORD is a fountain of life, to depart from the snares of death."
Jeremiah 38:3 "Thus saith the LORD, This city shall surely be given into the hand of the king of Babylon's army, which shall take it."
2 Kings 7:5 "And they rose up in the twilight, to go unto the camp of the Syrians: and when they were come to the uttermost part of the camp of Syria, behold, there was no man there."
1 Corinthians 14:36 "What? came the word of God out from you? or came it unto you only?"
1 Chronicles 7:32 "And Heber begat Japhlet, and Shomer, and Hotham, and Shua their sister."
Luke 5:32 "I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance."
Genesis 26:31 "And they rose up betimes in the morning, and sware one to another: and Isaac sent them away, and they departed from him in peace."
1 Kings 13:34 "And this thing became sin unto the house of Jeroboam, even to cut it off, and to destroy it from off the face of the earth."
Genesis 28:7 "And that Jacob obeyed his father and his mother, and was gone to Padanaram;"
Genesis 29:8 "And they said, We cannot, until all the flocks be gathered together, and till they roll the stone from the well's mouth; then we water the sheep."
Luke 8:45 "And Jesus said, Who touched me? When all denied, Peter and they that were with him said, Master, the multitude throng thee and press thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?"
Jeremiah 33:22 "As the host of heaven cannot be numbered, neither the sand of the sea measured: so will I multiply the seed of David my servant, and the Levites that minister unto me."
2 Corinthians 2:16 "To the one we are the savour of death unto death; and to the other the savour of life unto life. And who is sufficient for these things?"
Nehemiah 5:9 "Also I said, It is not good that ye do: ought ye not to walk in the fear of our God because of the reproach of the heathen our enemies?"
Jeremiah 22:3 "Thus saith the LORD; Execute ye judgment and righteousness, and deliver the spoiled out of the hand of the oppressor: and do no wrong, do no violence to the stranger, the fatherless, nor the widow, neither shed innocent blood in this place."
1 Timothy 4:6 "If thou put the brethren in remembrance of these things, thou shalt be a good minister of Jesus Christ, nourished up in the words of faith and of good doctrine, whereunto thou hast attained."
2 Kings 17:25 "And so it was at the beginning of their dwelling there, that they feared not the LORD: therefore the LORD sent lions among them, which slew some of them."
Proverbs 27:8 "As a bird that wandereth from her nest, so is a man that wandereth from his place."
John 2:23 "Now when he was in Jerusalem at the passover, in the feast day, many believed in his name, when they saw the miracles which he did."
Acts 27:20 "And when neither sun nor stars in many days appeared, and no small tempest lay on us, all hope that we should be saved was then taken away."
Song of Solomon 2:1 "I am the rose of Sharon, and the lily of the valleys."
2 Samuel 8:3 "David smote also Hadadezer, the son of Rehob, king of Zobah, as he went to recover his border at the river Euphrates."
Job 8:3 "Doth God pervert judgment? or doth the Almighty pervert justice?"
Ezekiel 2:1 "And he said unto me, Son of man, stand upon thy feet, and I will speak unto thee."
Isaiah 1:6 "From the sole of the foot even unto the head there is no soundness in it; but wounds, and bruises, and putrifying sores: they have not been closed, neither bound up, neither mollified with ointment."
Malachi 3:14 "Ye have said, It is vain to serve God: and what profit is it that we have kept his ordinance, and that we have walked mournfully before the LORD of hosts?"
Mark 12:19 "Master, Moses wrote unto us, If a man's brother die, and leave his wife behind him, and leave no children, that his brother should take his wife, and raise up seed unto his brother."
Matthew 10:33 "But whosoever shall deny me before men, him will I also deny before my Father which is in heaven."
2 Peter 2:1 "But there were false prophets also among the people, even as there shall be false teachers among you, who privily shall bring in damnable heresies, even denying the Lord that bought them, and bring upon themselves swift destruction."
Judges 9:47 "And it was told Abimelech, that all the men of the tower of Shechem were gathered together."
Exodus 33:22 "And it shall come to pass, while my glory passeth by, that I will put thee in a cleft of the rock, and will cover thee with my hand while I pass by:"
Judges 10:9 "Moreover the children of Ammon passed over Jordan to fight also against Judah, and against Benjamin, and against the house of Ephraim; so that Israel was sore distressed."
Ezekiel 44:12 "Because they ministered unto them before their idols, and caused the house of Israel to fall into iniquity; therefore have I lifted up mine hand against them, saith the Lord GOD, and they shall bear their iniquity."
Numbers 2:26 "And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were threescore and two thousand and seven hundred."
Ezekiel 18:15 "That hath not eaten upon the mountains, neither hath lifted up his eyes to the idols of the house of Israel, hath not defiled his neighbour's wife,"
Luke 6:40 "The disciple is not above his master: but every one that is perfect shall be as his master."
Nehemiah 5:2 "For there were that said, We, our sons, and our daughters, are many: therefore we take up corn for them, that we may eat, and live."
Ezekiel 1:6 "And every one had four faces, and every one had four wings."
2 Corinthians 13:12 "Greet one another with an holy kiss."
1 Samuel 20:38 "And Jonathan cried after the lad, Make speed, haste, stay not. And Jonathan's lad gathered up the arrows, and came to his master."
Psalm 18:25 "With the merciful thou wilt shew thyself merciful; with an upright man thou wilt shew thyself upright;"
Leviticus 20:27 "A man also or woman that hath a familiar spirit, or that is a wizard, shall surely be put to death: they shall stone them with stones: their blood shall be upon them."
Romans 7:8 "But sin, taking occasion by the commandment, wrought in me all manner of concupiscence. For without the law sin was dead."
Hebrews 11:37 "They were stoned, they were sawn asunder, were tempted, were slain with the sword: they wandered about in sheepskins and goatskins; being destitute, afflicted, tormented;"
2 Chronicles 13:18 "Thus the children of Israel were brought under at that time, and the children of Judah prevailed, because they relied upon the LORD God of their fathers."
Exodus 18:6 "And he said unto Moses, I thy father in law Jethro am come unto thee, and thy wife, and her two sons with her."
Daniel 11:29 "At the time appointed he shall return, and come toward the south; but it shall not be as the former, or as the latter."
Job 22:27 "Thou shalt make thy prayer unto him, and he shall hear thee, and thou shalt pay thy vows."
Joshua 10:18 "And Joshua said, Roll great stones upon the mouth of the cave, and set men by it for to keep them:"
Luke 4:26 "But unto none of them was Elias sent, save unto Sarepta, a city of Sidon, unto a woman that was a widow."
Hosea 11:8 "How shall I give thee up, Ephraim? how shall I deliver thee, Israel? how shall I make thee as Admah? how shall I set thee as Zeboim? mine heart is turned within me, my repentings are kindled together."
Numbers 31:27 "And divide the prey into two parts; between them that took the war upon them, who went out to battle, and between all the congregation:"
Psalm 86:5 "For thou, Lord, art good, and ready to forgive; and plenteous in mercy unto all them that call upon thee."
1 Chronicles 3:20 "And Hashubah, and Ohel, and Berechiah, and Hasadiah, Jushabhesed, five."
Psalm 10:15 "Break thou the arm of the wicked and the evil man: seek out his wickedness till thou find none."
Genesis 48:13 "And Joseph took them both, Ephraim in his right hand toward Israel's left hand, and Manasseh in his left hand toward Israel's right hand, and brought them near unto him."
1 Chronicles 8:24 "And Hananiah, and Elam, and Antothijah,"
Matthew 19:11 "But he said unto them, All men cannot receive this saying, save they to whom it is given."
Esther 4:2 "And came even before the king's gate: for none might enter into the king's gate clothed with sackcloth."
John 19:14 "And it was the preparation of the passover, and about the sixth hour: and he saith unto the Jews, Behold your King!"
1 Kings 8:14 "And the king turned his face about, and blessed all the congregation of Israel: (and all the congregation of Israel stood;)"
Numbers 20:12 "And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron, Because ye believed me not, to sanctify me in the eyes of the children of Israel, therefore ye shall not bring this congregation into the land which I have given them."
Psalm 50:2 "Out of Zion, the perfection of beauty, God hath shined."
Joshua 13:4 "From the south, all the land of the Canaanites, and Mearah that is beside the Sidonians unto Aphek, to the borders of the Amorites:"
Deuteronomy 12:15 "Notwithstanding thou mayest kill and eat flesh in all thy gates, whatsoever thy soul lusteth after, according to the blessing of the LORD thy God which he hath given thee: the unclean and the clean may eat thereof, as of the roebuck, and as of the hart."
Jeremiah 21:4 "Thus saith the LORD God of Israel; Behold, I will turn back the weapons of war that are in your hands, wherewith ye fight against the king of Babylon, and against the Chaldeans, which besiege you without the walls, and I will assemble them into the midst of this city."
Psalm 55:20 "He hath put forth his hands against such as be at peace with him: he hath broken his covenant."
John 1:44 "Now Philip was of Bethsaida, the city of Andrew and Peter."
Matthew 25:12 "But he answered and said, Verily I say unto you, I know you not."
1 Kings 11:19 "And Hadad found great favor in the sight of Pharaoh, so that he gave him to wife the sister of his own wife, the sister of Tahpenes the queen."
Luke 23:50 "And, behold, there was a man named Joseph, a counsellor; and he was a good man, and a just:"
Malachi 4:4 "Remember ye the law of Moses my servant, which I commanded unto him in Horeb for all Israel, with the statutes and judgments."
Numbers 31:45 "And thirty thousand asses and five hundred,"
Exodus 12:20 "Ye shall eat nothing leavened; in all your habitations shall ye eat unleavened bread."
2 Chronicles 28:12 "Then certain of the heads of the children of Ephraim, Azariah the son of Johanan, Berechiah the son of Meshillemoth, and Jehizkiah the son of Shallum, and Amasa the son of Hadlai, stood up against them that came from the war,"
Luke 11:2 "And he said unto them, When ye pray, say, Our Father which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done, as in heaven, so in earth."
Luke 19:27 "But those mine enemies, which would not that I should reign over them, bring hither, and slay them before me."
1 Kings 8:9 "There was nothing in the ark save the two tables of stone, which Moses put there at Horeb, when the LORD made a covenant with the children of Israel, when they came out of the land of Egypt."
Ephesians 4:22 "That ye put off concerning the former conversation the old man, which is corrupt according to the deceitful lusts;"
Proverbs 21:19 "It is better to dwell in the wilderness, than with a contentious and an angry woman."
Numbers 1:16 "These were the renowned of the congregation, princes of the tribes of their fathers, heads of thousands in Israel."
Mark 6:7 "And he called unto him the twelve, and began to send them forth by two and two; and gave them power over unclean spirits;"
John 4:23 "But the hour cometh, and now is, when the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth: for the Father seeketh such to worship him."
Psalm 2:8 "Ask of me, and I shall give thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession."
Joshua 19:14 "And the border compasseth it on the north side to Hannathon: and the outgoings thereof are in the valley of Jiphthahel:"
John 13:11 "For he knew who should betray him; therefore said he, Ye are not all clean."
Job 2:13 "So they sat down with him upon the ground seven days and seven nights, and none spake a word unto him: for they saw that his grief was very great."
Mark 7:2 "And when they saw some of his disciples eat bread with defiled, that is to say, with unwashen, hands, they found fault."
Malachi 3:4 "Then shall the offering of Judah and Jerusalem be pleasant unto the LORD, as in the days of old, and as in former years."
Exodus 8:28 "And Pharaoh said, I will let you go, that ye may sacrifice to the LORD your God in the wilderness; only ye shall not go very far away: entreat for me."
Zechariah 10:5 "And they shall be as mighty men, which tread down their enemies in the mire of the streets in the battle: and they shall fight, because the LORD is with them, and the riders on horses shall be confounded."
Matthew 23:31 "Wherefore ye be witnesses unto yourselves, that ye are the children of them which killed the prophets."
Revelation 1:10 "I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day, and heard behind me a great voice, as of a trumpet,"
Jeremiah 43:1 "And it came to pass, that when Jeremiah had made an end of speaking unto all the people all the words of the LORD their God, for which the LORD their God had sent him to them, even all these words,"
1 Chronicles 26:8 "All these of the sons of Obededom: they and their sons and their brethren, able men for strength for the service, were threescore and two of Obededom."
Psalm 119:117 "Hold thou me up, and I shall be safe: and I will have respect unto thy statutes continually."
Genesis 33:13 "And he said unto him, My lord knoweth that the children are tender, and the flocks and herds with young are with me: and if men should overdrive them one day, all the flock will die."
Ezekiel 48:20 "All the oblation shall be five and twenty thousand by five and twenty thousand: ye shall offer the holy oblation foursquare, with the possession of the city."
Acts 23:35 "I will hear thee, said he, when thine accusers are also come. And he commanded him to be kept in Herod's judgment hall."
Psalm 96:7 "Give unto the LORD, O ye kindreds of the people, give unto the LORD glory and strength."
James 2:13 "For he shall have judgment without mercy, that hath shewed no mercy; and mercy rejoiceth against judgment."
1 Chronicles 25:16 "The ninth to Mattaniah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:"
Mark 6:55 "And ran through that whole region round about, and began to carry about in beds those that were sick, where they heard he was."
2 Samuel 17:23 "And when Ahithophel saw that his counsel was not followed, he saddled his ass, and arose, and gat him home to his house, to his city, and put his household in order, and hanged himself, and died, and was buried in the sepulchre of his father."
John 2:25 "And needed not that any should testify of man: for he knew what was in man."
Ezekiel 28:2 "Son of man, say unto the prince of Tyrus, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thine heart is lifted up, and thou hast said, I am a God, I sit in the seat of God, in the midst of the seas; yet thou art a man, and not God, though thou set thine heart as the heart of God:"
Romans 11:28 "As concerning the gospel, they are enemies for your sakes: but as touching the election, they are beloved for the father's sakes."
Song of Solomon 4:14 "Spikenard and saffron; calamus and cinnamon, with all trees of frankincense; myrrh and aloes, with all the chief spices:"
Numbers 26:47 "These are the families of the sons of Asher according to those that were numbered of them; who were fifty and three thousand and four hundred."
Acts 23:10 "And when there arose a great dissension, the chief captain, fearing lest Paul should have been pulled in pieces of them, commanded the soldiers to go down, and to take him by force from among them, and to bring him into the castle."
Deuteronomy 25:4 "Thou shalt not muzzle the ox when he treadeth out the corn."
Deuteronomy 7:13 "And he will love thee, and bless thee, and multiply thee: he will also bless the fruit of thy womb, and the fruit of thy land, thy corn, and thy wine, and thine oil, the increase of thy kine, and the flocks of thy sheep, in the land which he sware unto thy fathers to give thee."
1 Kings 8:44 "If thy people go out to battle against their enemy, whithersoever thou shalt send them, and shall pray unto the LORD toward the city which thou hast chosen, and toward the house that I have built for thy name:"
1 Kings 16:34 "In his days did Hiel the Bethelite build Jericho: he laid the foundation thereof in Abiram his firstborn, and set up the gates thereof in his youngest son Segub, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake by Joshua the son of Nun."
Psalm 126:6 "He that goeth forth and weepeth, bearing precious seed, shall doubtless come again with rejoicing, bringing his sheaves with him."
Psalm 91:16 "With long life will I satisfy him, and shew him my salvation."
Genesis 27:31 "And he also had made savory meat, and brought it unto his father, and said unto his father, Let my father arise, and eat of his son's venison, that thy soul may bless me."
Joshua 9:25 "And now, behold, we are in thine hand: as it seemeth good and right unto thee to do unto us, do."
Zechariah 1:11 "And they answered the angel of the LORD that stood among the myrtle trees, and said, We have walked to and fro through the earth, and, behold, all the earth sitteth still, and is at rest."
Psalm 95:4 "In his hand are the deep places of the earth: the strength of the hills is his also."
2 Corinthians 9:1 "For as touching the ministering to the saints, it is superfluous for me to write to you:"
Jeremiah 49:31 "Arise, get you up unto the wealthy nation, that dwelleth without care, saith the LORD, which have neither gates nor bars, which dwell alone."
Leviticus 12:4 "And she shall then continue in the blood of her purifying three and thirty days; she shall touch no hallowed thing, nor come into the sanctuary, until the days of her purifying be fulfilled."
James 4:2 "Ye lust, and have not: ye kill, and desire to have, and cannot obtain: ye fight and war, yet ye have not, because ye ask not."
John 4:30 "Then they went out of the city, and came unto him."
2 Samuel 24:23 "All these things did Araunah, as a king, give unto the king. And Araunah said unto the king, The LORD thy God accept thee."
John 3:10 "Jesus answered and said unto him, Art thou a master of Israel, and knowest not these things?"
2 Corinthians 8:11 "Now therefore perform the doing of it; that as there was a readiness to will, so there may be a performance also out of that which ye have."
Psalm 31:12 "I am forgotten as a dead man out of mind: I am like a broken vessel."
1 Chronicles 11:11 "And this is the number of the mighty men whom David had; Jashobeam, an Hachmonite, the chief of the captains: he lifted up his spear against three hundred slain by him at one time."
Ezekiel 3:6 "Not to many people of a strange speech and of an hard language, whose words thou canst not understand. Surely, had I sent thee to them, they would have hearkened unto thee."
Psalm 135:4 "For the LORD hath chosen Jacob unto himself, and Israel for his peculiar treasure."
1 John 2:11 "But he that hateth his brother is in darkness, and walketh in darkness, and knoweth not whither he goeth, because that darkness hath blinded his eyes."
Micah 7:15 "According to the days of thy coming out of the land of Egypt will I shew unto him marvellous things."
1 Kings 21:26 "And he did very abominably in following idols, according to all things as did the Amorites, whom the LORD cast out before the children of Israel."
Psalm 40:6 "Sacrifice and offering thou didst not desire; mine ears hast thou opened: burnt offering and sin offering hast thou not required."
Revelation 1:1 "The Revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him, to shew unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass; and he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John:"
Jeremiah 16:20 "Shall a man make gods unto himself, and they are no gods?"
Ecclesiastes 3:19 "For that which befalleth the sons of men befalleth beasts; even one thing befalleth them: as the one dieth, so dieth the other; yea, they have all one breath; so that a man hath no preeminence above a beast: for all is vanity."
Isaiah 51:22 "Thus saith thy Lord the LORD, and thy God that pleadeth the cause of his people, Behold, I have taken out of thine hand the cup of trembling, even the dregs of the cup of my fury; thou shalt no more drink it again:"
Nehemiah 6:9 "For they all made us afraid, saying, Their hands shall be weakened from the work, that it be not done. Now therefore, O God, strengthen my hands."
Judges 17:1 "And there was a man of mount Ephraim, whose name was Micah."
Nehemiah 12:38 "And the other company of them that gave thanks went over against them, and I after them, and the half of the people upon the wall, from beyond the tower of the furnaces even unto the broad wall;"
Job 38:38 "When the dust groweth into hardness, and the clods cleave fast together?"
Numbers 13:4 "And these were their names: of the tribe of Reuben, Shammua the son of Zaccur."
1 Corinthians 1:16 "And I baptized also the household of Stephanas: besides, I know not whether I baptized any other."
2 Kings 8:23 "And the rest of the acts of Joram, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?"
Psalm 25:10 "All the paths of the LORD are mercy and truth unto such as keep his covenant and his testimonies."
Judges 1:29 "Neither did Ephraim drive out the Canaanites that dwelt in Gezer; but the Canaanites dwelt in Gezer among them."
Ezekiel 14:3 "Son of man, these men have set up their idols in their heart, and put the stumblingblock of their iniquity before their face: should I be enquired of at all by them?"
Luke 12:51 "Suppose ye that I am come to give peace on earth? I tell you, Nay; but rather division:"
1 Chronicles 4:24 "The sons of Simeon were, Nemuel, and Jamin, Jarib, Zerah, and Shaul:"
Job 36:5 "Behold, God is mighty, and despiseth not any: he is mighty in strength and wisdom."
Deuteronomy 7:10 "And repayeth them that hate him to their face, to destroy them: he will not be slack to him that hateth him, he will repay him to his face."
Proverbs 9:9 "Give instruction to a wise man, and he will be yet wiser: teach a just man, and he will increase in learning."
Deuteronomy 23:7 "Thou shalt not abhor an Edomite; for he is thy brother: thou shalt not abhor an Egyptian; because thou wast a stranger in his land."
Luke 10:2 "Therefore said he unto them, The harvest truly is great, but the labourers are few: pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that he would send forth labourers into his harvest."
Psalm 26:5 "I have hated the congregation of evil doers; and will not sit with the wicked."
Psalm 143:3 "For the enemy hath persecuted my soul; he hath smitten my life down to the ground; he hath made me to dwell in darkness, as those that have been long dead."
2 Samuel 7:13 "He shall build an house for my name, and I will stablish the throne of his kingdom for ever."
Exodus 36:4 "And all the wise men, that wrought all the work of the sanctuary, came every man from his work which they made;"
Job 12:24 "He taketh away the heart of the chief of the people of the earth, and causeth them to wander in a wilderness where there is no way."
1 John 2:3 "And hereby we do know that we know him, if we keep his commandments."
Luke 3:12 "Then came also publicans to be baptized, and said unto him, Master, what shall we do?"
Jeremiah 23:4 "And I will set up shepherds over them which shall feed them: and they shall fear no more, nor be dismayed, neither shall they be lacking, saith the LORD."
Acts 21:7 "And when we had finished our course from Tyre, we came to Ptolemais, and saluted the brethren, and abode with them one day."
1 Kings 2:38 "And Shimei said unto the king, The saying is good: as my lord the king hath said, so will thy servant do. And Shimei dwelt in Jerusalem many days."
Isaiah 43:14 "Thus saith the LORD, your redeemer, the Holy One of Israel; For your sake I have sent to Babylon, and have brought down all their nobles, and the Chaldeans, whose cry is in the ships."
Numbers 1:54 "And the children of Israel did according to all that the LORD commanded Moses, so did they."
Ezekiel 23:40 "And furthermore, that ye have sent for men to come from far, unto whom a messenger was sent; and, lo, they came: for whom thou didst wash thyself, paintedst thy eyes, and deckedst thyself with ornaments,"
Job 35:7 "If thou be righteous, what givest thou him? or what receiveth he of thine hand?"
Isaiah 8:20 "To the law and to the testimony: if they speak not according to this word, it is because there is no light in them."
Revelation 2:23 "And I will kill her children with death; and all the churches shall know that I am he which searcheth the reins and hearts: and I will give unto every one of you according to your works."
Numbers 4:3 "From thirty years old and upward even until fifty years old, all that enter into the host, to do the work in the tabernacle of the congregation."
Genesis 7:22 "All in whose nostrils was the breath of life, of all that was in the dry land, died."
2 Kings 25:30 "And his allowance was a continual allowance given him of the king, a daily rate for every day, all the days of his life."
Ezekiel 23:26 "They shall also strip thee out of thy clothes, and take away thy fair jewels."
Jeremiah 21:12 "O house of David, thus saith the LORD; Execute judgment in the morning, and deliver him that is spoiled out of the hand of the oppressor, lest my fury go out like fire, and burn that none can quench it, because of the evil of your doings."
1 Samuel 15:12 "And when Samuel rose early to meet Saul in the morning, it was told Samuel, saying, Saul came to Carmel, and, behold, he set him up a place, and is gone about, and passed on, and gone down to Gilgal."
Amos 9:5 "And the Lord GOD of hosts is he that toucheth the land, and it shall melt, and all that dwell therein shall mourn: and it shall rise up wholly like a flood; and shall be drowned, as by the flood of Egypt."
Ezekiel 4:13 "And the LORD said, Even thus shall the children of Israel eat their defiled bread among the Gentiles, whither I will drive them."
Deuteronomy 19:10 "That innocent blood be not shed in thy land, which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance, and so blood be upon thee."
2 Kings 14:4 "Howbeit the high places were not taken away: as yet the people did sacrifice and burnt incense on the high places."
Job 3:7 "Lo, let that night be solitary, let no joyful voice come therein."
2 Chronicles 14:11 "And Asa cried unto the LORD his God, and said, LORD, it is nothing with thee to help, whether with many, or with them that have no power: help us, O LORD our God; for we rest on thee, and in thy name we go against this multitude. O LORD, thou art our God; let no man prevail against thee."
Psalm 123:4 "Our soul is exceedingly filled with the scorning of those that are at ease, and with the contempt of the proud."
1 Kings 19:16 "And Jehu the son of Nimshi shalt thou anoint to be king over Israel: and Elisha the son of Shaphat of Abelmeholah shalt thou anoint to be prophet in thy room."
Lamentations 3:14 "I was a derision to all my people; and their song all the day."
Isaiah 3:24 "And it shall come to pass, that instead of sweet smell there shall be stink; and instead of a girdle a rent; and instead of well set hair baldness; and instead of a stomacher a girding of sackcloth; and burning instead of beauty."
1 John 4:14 "And we have seen and do testify that the Father sent the Son to be the Saviour of the world."
2 Chronicles 9:25 "And Solomon had four thousand stalls for horses and chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen; whom he bestowed in the chariot cities, and with the king at Jerusalem."
Song of Solomon 6:3 "I am my beloved's, and my beloved is mine: he feedeth among the lilies."
1 Samuel 21:13 "And he changed his behavior before them, and feigned himself mad in their hands, and scrabbled on the doors of the gate, and let his spittle fall down upon his beard."
Mark 1:5 "And there went out unto him all the land of Judaea, and they of Jerusalem, and were all baptized of him in the river of Jordan, confessing their sins."
Ephesians 4:12 "For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ:"
Numbers 21:29 "Woe to thee, Moab! thou art undone, O people of Chemosh: he hath given his sons that escaped, and his daughters, into captivity unto Sihon king of the Amorites."
2 Kings 4:7 "Then she came and told the man of God. And he said, Go, sell the oil, and pay thy debt, and live thou and thy children of the rest."
Genesis 5:22 "And Enoch walked with God after he begat Methuselah three hundred years, and begat sons and daughters:"
Judges 17:12 "And Micah consecrated the Levite; and the young man became his priest, and was in the house of Micah."
Ezekiel 39:14 "And they shall sever out men of continual employment, passing through the land to bury with the passengers those that remain upon the face of the earth, to cleanse it: after the end of seven months shall they search."
Deuteronomy 19:11 "But if any man hate his neighbor, and lie in wait for him, and rise up against him, and smite him mortally that he die, and fleeth into one of these cities:"
2 Corinthians 5:19 "To wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation."
Psalm 107:7 "And he led them forth by the right way, that they might go to a city of habitation."
Judges 20:22 "And the people the men of Israel encouraged themselves, and set their battle again in array in the place where they put themselves in array the first day."
Acts 7:46 "Who found favour before God, and desired to find a tabernacle for the God of Jacob."
Luke 11:12 "Or if he shall ask an egg, will he offer him a scorpion?"
Psalm 119:90 "Thy faithfulness is unto all generations: thou hast established the earth, and it abideth."
Judges 16:18 "And when Delilah saw that he had told her all his heart, she sent and called for the lords of the Philistines, saying, Come up this once, for he hath showed me all his heart. Then the lords of the Philistines came up unto her, and brought money in their hand."
Deuteronomy 3:6 "And we utterly destroyed them, as we did unto Sihon king of Heshbon, utterly destroying the men, women, and children, of every city."
Matthew 3:12 "Whose fan is in his hand, and he will throughly purge his floor, and gather his wheat into the garner; but he will burn up the chaff with unquenchable fire."
Leviticus 4:31 "And he shall take away all the fat thereof, as the fat is taken away from off the sacrifice of peace offerings; and the priest shall burn it upon the altar for a sweet savor unto the LORD; and the priest shall make an atonement for him, and it shall be forgiven him."
Mark 13:17 "But woe to them that are with child, and to them that give suck in those days!"
Matthew 10:28 "And fear not them which kill the body, but are not able to kill the soul: but rather fear him which is able to destroy both soul and body in hell."
Psalm 105:36 "He smote also all the firstborn in their land, the chief of all their strength."
1 Samuel 20:9 "And Jonathan said, Far be it from thee: for if I knew certainly that evil were determined by my father to come upon thee, then would not I tell it thee?"
2 Kings 4:43 "And his servitor said, What, should I set this before an hundred men? He said again, Give the people, that they may eat: for thus saith the LORD, They shall eat, and shall leave thereof."
John 13:14 "If I then, your Lord and Master, have washed your feet; ye also ought to wash one another's feet."
Proverbs 8:32 "Now therefore hearken unto me, O ye children: for blessed are they that keep my ways."
Isaiah 65:21 "And they shall build houses, and inhabit them; and they shall plant vineyards, and eat the fruit of them."
1 Kings 12:1 "And Rehoboam went to Shechem: for all Israel were come to Shechem to make him king."
Proverbs 25:28 "He that hath no rule over his own spirit is like a city that is broken down, and without walls."
Esther 9:17 "On the thirteenth day of the month Adar; and on the fourteenth day of the same rested they, and made it a day of feasting and gladness."
Exodus 37:11 "And he overlaid it with pure gold, and made thereunto a crown of gold round about."
Micah 5:5 "And this man shall be the peace, when the Assyrian shall come into our land: and when he shall tread in our palaces, then shall we raise against him seven shepherds, and eight principal men."
Isaiah 10:18 "And shall consume the glory of his forest, and of his fruitful field, both soul and body: and they shall be as when a standard-bearer fainteth."
Deuteronomy 1:30 "The LORD your God which goeth before you, he shall fight for you, according to all that he did for you in Egypt before your eyes;"
Hebrews 10:8 "Above when he said, Sacrifice and offering and burnt offerings and offering for sin thou wouldest not, neither hadst pleasure therein; which are offered by the law;"
Hosea 11:3 "I taught Ephraim also to go, taking them by their arms; but they knew not that I healed them."
Revelation 3:14 "And unto the angel of the church of the Laodiceans write; These things saith the Amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God;"
1 Timothy 1:8 "But we know that the law is good, if a man use it lawfully;"
Psalm 71:21 "Thou shalt increase my greatness, and comfort me on every side."
2 Kings 1:18 "Now the rest of the acts of Ahaziah which he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?"
Hosea 9:6 "For, lo, they are gone because of destruction: Egypt shall gather them up, Memphis shall bury them: the pleasant places for their silver, nettles shall possess them: thorns shall be in their tabernacles."
Proverbs 11:7 "When a wicked man dieth, his expectation shall perish: and the hope of unjust men perisheth."
Deuteronomy 32:43 "Rejoice, O ye nations, with his people: for he will avenge the blood of his servants, and will render vengeance to his adversaries, and will be merciful unto his land, and to his people."
Amos 6:2 "Pass ye unto Calneh, and see; and from thence go ye to Hamath the great: then go down to Gath of the Philistines: be they better than these kingdoms? or their border greater than your border?"
1 Samuel 10:19 "And ye have this day rejected your God, who himself saved you out of all your adversities and your tribulations; and ye have said unto him, Nay, but set a king over us. Now therefore present yourselves before the LORD by your tribes, and by your thousands."
Isaiah 21:17 "And the residue of the number of archers, the mighty men of the children of Kedar, shall be diminished: for the LORD God of Israel hath spoken it."
2 Chronicles 32:17 "He wrote also letters to rail on the LORD God of Israel, and to speak against him, saying, As the gods of the nations of other lands have not delivered their people out of mine hand, so shall not the God of Hezekiah deliver his people out of mine hand."
1 Peter 2:11 "Dearly beloved, I beseech you as strangers and pilgrims, abstain from fleshly lusts, which war against the soul;"
Proverbs 21:1 "The king's heart is in the hand of the LORD, as the rivers of water: he turneth it whithersoever he will."
Revelation 10:6 "And sware by him that liveth for ever and ever, who created heaven, and the things that therein are, and the earth, and the things that therein are, and the sea, and the things which are therein, that there should be time no longer:"
Deuteronomy 9:19 "For I was afraid of the anger and hot displeasure, wherewith the LORD was wroth against you to destroy you. But the LORD hearkened unto me at that time also."
Nehemiah 4:7 "But it came to pass, that when Sanballat, and Tobiah, and the Arabians, and the Ammonites, and the Ashdodites, heard that the walls of Jerusalem were made up, and that the breaches began to be stopped, then they were very wroth,"
Ezekiel 32:8 "All the bright lights of heaven will I make dark over thee, and set darkness upon thy land, saith the Lord GOD."
1 Samuel 13:6 "When the men of Israel saw that they were in a strait, (for the people were distressed,) then the people did hide themselves in caves, and in thickets, and in rocks, and in high places, and in pits."
Luke 24:9 "And returned from the sepulchre, and told all these things unto the eleven, and to all the rest."
Habakkuk 2:11 "For the stone shall cry out of the wall, and the beam out of the timber shall answer it."
2 Chronicles 29:34 "But the priests were too few, so that they could not flay all the burnt offerings: wherefore their brethren the Levites did help them, till the work was ended, and until the other priests had sanctified themselves: for the Levites were more upright in heart to sanctify themselves than the priests."
Ecclesiastes 2:10 "And whatsoever mine eyes desired I kept not from them, I withheld not my heart from any joy; for my heart rejoiced in all my labour: and this was my portion of all my labour."
Daniel 4:3 "How great are his signs! and how mighty are his wonders! his kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and his dominion is from generation to generation."
Revelation 2:3 "And hast borne, and hast patience, and for my name's sake hast laboured, and hast not fainted."
1 Chronicles 8:22 "And Ishpan, and Heber, and Eliel,"
Exodus 20:5 "Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them: for I the LORD thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me;"
2 Kings 23:27 "And the LORD said, I will remove Judah also out of my sight, as I have removed Israel, and will cast off this city Jerusalem which I have chosen, and the house of which I said, My name shall be there."
Ezra 8:17 "And I sent them with commandment unto Iddo the chief at the place Casiphia, and I told them what they should say unto Iddo, and to his brethren the Nethinims, at the place Casiphia, that they should bring unto us ministers for the house of our God."
Isaiah 37:19 "And have cast their gods into the fire: for they were no gods, but the work of men's hands, wood and stone: therefore they have destroyed them."
Numbers 26:63 "These are they that were numbered by Moses and Eleazar the priest, who numbered the children of Israel in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho."
2 Samuel 2:27 "And Joab said, As God liveth, unless thou hadst spoken, surely then in the morning the people had gone up every one from following his brother."
John 3:3 "Jesus answered and said unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God."
Micah 7:17 "They shall lick the dust like a serpent, they shall move out of their holes like worms of the earth: they shall be afraid of the LORD our God, and shall fear because of thee."
Genesis 39:22 "And the keeper of the prison committed to Joseph's hand all the prisoners that were in the prison; and whatsoever they did there, he was the doer of it."
1 Samuel 2:14 "And he struck it into the pan, or kettle, or caldron, or pot; all that the fleshhook brought up the priest took for himself. So they did in Shiloh unto all the Israelites that came thither."
2 Chronicles 17:5 "Therefore the LORD stablished the kingdom in his hand; and all Judah brought to Jehoshaphat presents; and he had riches and honor in abundance."
1 Samuel 9:21 "And Saul answered and said, Am not I a Benjamite, of the smallest of the tribes of Israel? and my family the least of all the families of the tribe of Benjamin? wherefore then speakest thou so to me?"
Job 33:13 "Why dost thou strive against him? for he giveth not account of any of his matters."
Numbers 4:44 "Even those that were numbered of them after their families, were three thousand and two hundred."
1 Samuel 20:42 "And Jonathan said to David, Go in peace, forasmuch as we have sworn both of us in the name of the LORD, saying, The LORD be between me and thee, and between my seed and thy seed for ever. And he arose and departed: and Jonathan went into the city."
Philemon 1:10 "I beseech thee for my son Onesimus, whom I have begotten in my bonds:"
1 Chronicles 6:68 "And Jokmeam with her suburbs, and Bethhoron with her suburbs,"
Exodus 18:2 "Then Jethro, Moses' father in law, took Zipporah, Moses' wife, after he had sent her back,"
Matthew 5:32 "But I say unto you, That whosoever shall put away his wife, saving for the cause of fornication, causeth her to commit adultery: and whosoever shall marry her that is divorced committeth adultery."
Joshua 4:8 "And the children of Israel did so as Joshua commanded, and took up twelve stones out of the midst of Jordan, as the LORD spake unto Joshua, according to the number of the tribes of the children of Israel, and carried them over with them unto the place where they lodged, and laid them down there."
Genesis 41:52 "And the name of the second called he Ephraim: For God hath caused me to be fruitful in the land of my affliction."
Isaiah 29:18 "And in that day shall the deaf hear the words of the book, and the eyes of the blind shall see out of obscurity, and out of darkness."
Galatians 6:7 "Be not deceived; God is not mocked: for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap."
Jeremiah 29:28 "For therefore he sent unto us in Babylon, saying, This captivity is long: build ye houses, and dwell in them; and plant gardens, and eat the fruit of them."
Exodus 12:28 "And the children of Israel went away, and did as the LORD had commanded Moses and Aaron, so did they."
Job 16:20 "My friends scorn me: but mine eye poureth out tears unto God."
Genesis 11:1 "And the whole earth was of one language, and of one speech."
Mark 11:29 "And Jesus answered and said unto them, I will also ask of you one question, and answer me, and I will tell you by what authority I do these things."
Luke 11:35 "Take heed therefore that the light which is in thee be not darkness."
Joshua 19:21 "And Remeth, and Engannim, and Enhaddah, and Bethpazzez;"
Job 11:13 "If thou prepare thine heart, and stretch out thine hands toward him;"
Mark 15:27 "And with him they crucify two thieves; the one on his right hand, and the other on his left."
Genesis 21:28 "And Abraham set seven ewe lambs of the flock by themselves."
Luke 8:47 "And when the woman saw that she was not hid, she came trembling, and falling down before him, she declared unto him before all the people for what cause she had touched him, and how she was healed immediately."
Proverbs 23:4 "Labour not to be rich: cease from thine own wisdom."
John 17:9 "I pray for them: I pray not for the world, but for them which thou hast given me; for they are thine."
Jeremiah 51:53 "Though Babylon should mount up to heaven, and though she should fortify the height of her strength, yet from me shall spoilers come unto her, saith the LORD."
Jeremiah 4:31 "For I have heard a voice as of a woman in travail, and the anguish as of her that bringeth forth her first child, the voice of the daughter of Zion, that bewaileth herself, that spreadeth her hands, saying, Woe is me now! for my soul is wearied because of murderers."
Zephaniah 3:20 "At that time will I bring you again, even in the time that I gather you: for I will make you a name and a praise among all people of the earth, when I turn back your captivity before your eyes, saith the LORD."
Jeremiah 3:22 "Return, ye backsliding children, and I will heal your backslidings. Behold, we come unto thee; for thou art the LORD our God."
Proverbs 12:2 "A good man obtaineth favour of the LORD: but a man of wicked devices will he condemn."
Proverbs 6:4 "Give not sleep to thine eyes, nor slumber to thine eyelids."
Judges 16:3 "And Samson lay till midnight, and arose at midnight, and took the doors of the gate of the city, and the two posts, and went away with them, bar and all, and put them upon his shoulders, and carried them up to the top of an hill that is before Hebron."
Deuteronomy 16:11 "And thou shalt rejoice before the LORD thy God, thou, and thy son, and thy daughter, and thy manservant, and thy maidservant, and the Levite that is within thy gates, and the stranger, and the fatherless, and the widow, that are among you, in the place which the LORD thy God hath chosen to place his name there."
Psalm 135:19 "Bless the LORD, O house of Israel: bless the LORD, O house of Aaron:"
2 Corinthians 11:24 "Of the Jews five times received I forty stripes save one."
Joshua 14:9 "And Moses sware on that day, saying, Surely the land whereon thy feet have trodden shall be thine inheritance, and thy children's for ever, because thou hast wholly followed the LORD my God."
Matthew 15:18 "But those things which proceed out of the mouth come forth from the heart; and they defile the man."
Psalm 119:114 "Thou art my hiding place and my shield: I hope in thy word."
Proverbs 14:21 "He that despiseth his neighbour sinneth: but he that hath mercy on the poor, happy is he."
Numbers 7:74 "One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:"
Ezekiel 31:12 "And strangers, the terrible of the nations, have cut him off, and have left him: upon the mountains and in all the valleys his branches are fallen, and his boughs are broken by all the rivers of the land; and all the people of the earth are gone down from his shadow, and have left him."
Jeremiah 52:28 "This is the people whom Nebuchadrezzar carried away captive: in the seventh year three thousand Jews and three and twenty:"
Numbers 17:11 "And Moses did so: as the LORD commanded him, so did he."
Amos 2:2 "But I will send a fire upon Moab, and it shall devour the palaces of Kirioth: and Moab shall die with tumult, with shouting, and with the sound of the trumpet:"
Psalm 146:5 "Happy is he that hath the God of Jacob for his help, whose hope is in the LORD his God:"
Matthew 16:7 "And they reasoned among themselves, saying, It is because we have taken no bread."
Psalm 49:19 "He shall go to the generation of his fathers; they shall never see light."
2 Kings 8:27 "And he walked in the way of the house of Ahab, and did evil in the sight of the LORD, as did the house of Ahab: for he was the son in law of the house of Ahab."
Leviticus 1:15 "And the priest shall bring it unto the altar, and wring off his head, and burn it on the altar; and the blood thereof shall be wrung out at the side of the altar:"
Mark 3:17 "And James the son of Zebedee, and John the brother of James; and he surnamed them Boanerges, which is, The sons of thunder:"
1 Chronicles 21:15 "And God sent an angel unto Jerusalem to destroy it: and as he was destroying, the LORD beheld, and he repented him of the evil, and said to the angel that destroyed, It is enough, stay now thine hand. And the angel of the LORD stood by the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite."
John 20:22 "And when he had said this, he breathed on them, and saith unto them, Receive ye the Holy Ghost:"
Isaiah 7:8 "For the head of Syria is Damascus, and the head of Damascus is Rezin; and within threescore and five years shall Ephraim be broken, that it be not a people."
Acts 28:19 "But when the Jews spake against it, I was constrained to appeal unto Caesar; not that I had ought to accuse my nation of."
John 15:6 "If a man abide not in me, he is cast forth as a branch, and is withered; and men gather them, and cast them into the fire, and they are burned."
1 John 5:1 "Whosoever believeth that Jesus is the Christ is born of God: and every one that loveth him that begat loveth him also that is begotten of him."
Exodus 29:25 "And thou shalt receive them of their hands, and burn them upon the altar for a burnt offering, for a sweet savor before the LORD: it is an offering made by fire unto the LORD."
Genesis 34:20 "And Hamor and Shechem his son came unto the gate of their city, and communed with the men of their city, saying,"
Numbers 1:8 "Of Issachar; Nethaneel the son of Zuar."
Ezra 2:68 "And some of the chief of the fathers, when they came to the house of the LORD which is at Jerusalem, offered freely for the house of God to set it up in his place:"
Judges 5:20 "They fought from heaven; the stars in their courses fought against Sisera."
1 Samuel 22:3 "And David went thence to Mizpeh of Moab: and he said unto the king of Moab, Let my father and my mother, I pray thee, come forth, and be with you, till I know what God will do for me."
John 8:13 "The Pharisees therefore said unto him, Thou bearest record of thyself; thy record is not true."
Numbers 10:12 "And the children of Israel took their journeys out of the wilderness of Sinai; and the cloud rested in the wilderness of Paran."
2 Thessalonians 3:12 "Now them that are such we command and exhort by our Lord Jesus Christ, that with quietness they work, and eat their own bread."
Isaiah 34:7 "And the unicorns shall come down with them, and the bullocks with the bulls; and their land shall be soaked with blood, and their dust made fat with fatness."
Deuteronomy 3:29 "So we abode in the valley over against Bethpeor."
Job 22:17 "Which said unto God, Depart from us: and what can the Almighty do for them?"
John 1:50 "Jesus answered and said unto him, Because I said unto thee, I saw thee under the fig tree, believest thou? thou shalt see greater things than these."
Matthew 17:24 "And when they were come to Capernaum, they that received tribute money came to Peter, and said, Doth not your master pay tribute?"
Leviticus 6:12 "And the fire upon the altar shall be burning in it; it shall not be put out: and the priest shall burn wood on it every morning, and lay the burnt offering in order upon it; and he shall burn thereon the fat of the peace offerings."
Acts 6:14 "For we have heard him say, that this Jesus of Nazareth shall destroy this place, and shall change the customs which Moses delivered us."
Galatians 1:23 "But they had heard only, That he which persecuted us in times past now preacheth the faith which once he destroyed."
Ezra 3:10 "And when the builders laid the foundation of the temple of the LORD, they set the priests in their apparel with trumpets, and the Levites the sons of Asaph with cymbals, to praise the LORD, after the ordinance of David king of Israel."
2 Kings 12:11 "And they gave the money, being told, into the hands of them that did the work, that had the oversight of the house of the LORD: and they laid it out to the carpenters and builders, that wrought upon the house of the LORD,"
Jeremiah 51:63 "And it shall be, when thou hast made an end of reading this book, that thou shalt bind a stone to it, and cast it into the midst of Euphrates:"
1 Samuel 19:1 "And Saul spake to Jonathan his son, and to all his servants, that they should kill David."
Joshua 14:11 "As yet I am as strong this day as I was in the day that Moses sent me: as my strength was then, even so is my strength now, for war, both to go out, and to come in."
Luke 10:17 "And the seventy returned again with joy, saying, Lord, even the devils are subject unto us through thy name."
Psalm 105:12 "When they were but a few men in number; yea, very few, and strangers in it."
Nehemiah 7:55 "The children of Barkos, the children of Sisera, the children of Tamah,"
2 Samuel 21:17 "But Abishai the son of Zeruiah succored him, and smote the Philistine, and killed him. Then the men of David sware unto him, saying, Thou shalt go no more out with us to battle, that thou quench not the light of Israel."
Hebrews 7:13 "For he of whom these things are spoken pertaineth to another tribe, of which no man gave attendance at the altar."
2 Samuel 18:18 "Now Absalom in his lifetime had taken and reared up for himself a pillar, which is in the king's dale: for he said, I have no son to keep my name in remembrance: and he called the pillar after his own name: and it is called unto this day, Absalom's place."
Matthew 28:7 "And go quickly, and tell his disciples that he is risen from the dead; and, behold, he goeth before you into Galilee; there shall ye see him: lo, I have told you."
Philippians 3:3 "For we are the circumcision, which worship God in the spirit, and rejoice in Christ Jesus, and have no confidence in the flesh."
2 Samuel 5:25 "And David did so, as the LORD had commanded him; and smote the Philistines from Geba until thou come to Gazer."
Jeremiah 46:13 "The word that the LORD spake to Jeremiah the prophet, how Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon should come and smite the land of Egypt."
Matthew 22:18 "But Jesus perceived their wickedness, and said, Why tempt ye me, ye hypocrites?"
John 8:26 "I have many things to say and to judge of you: but he that sent me is true; and I speak to the world those things which I have heard of him."
Acts 24:25 "And as he reasoned of righteousness, temperance, and judgment to come, Felix trembled, and answered, Go thy way for this time; when I have a convenient season, I will call for thee."
2 Kings 7:20 "And so it fell out unto him: for the people trode upon him in the gate, and he died."
Psalm 145:13 "Thy kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and thy dominion endureth throughout all generations."
Psalm 127:1 "Except the LORD build the house, they labour in vain that build it: except the LORD keep the city, the watchman waketh but in vain."
Psalm 74:12 "For God is my King of old, working salvation in the midst of the earth."
Jeremiah 23:31 "Behold, I am against the prophets, saith the LORD, that use their tongues, and say, He saith."
1 Thessalonians 3:9 "For what thanks can we render to God again for you, for all the joy wherewith we joy for your sakes before our God;"
1 Corinthians 1:23 "But we preach Christ crucified, unto the Jews a stumblingblock, and unto the Greeks foolishness;"
Job 31:17 "Or have eaten my morsel myself alone, and the fatherless hath not eaten thereof;"
Isaiah 44:25 "That frustrateth the tokens of the liars, and maketh diviners mad; that turneth wise men backward, and maketh their knowledge foolish;"
2 Chronicles 18:33 "And a certain man drew a bow at a venture, and smote the king of Israel between the joints of the harness: therefore he said to his chariot man, Turn thine hand, that thou mayest carry me out of the host; for I am wounded."
Luke 11:41 "But rather give alms of such things as ye have; and, behold, all things are clean unto you."
Numbers 11:15 "And if thou deal thus with me, kill me, I pray thee, out of hand, if I have found favor in thy sight; and let me not see my wretchedness."
Exodus 40:36 "And when the cloud was taken up from over the tabernacle, the children of Israel went onward in all their journeys:"
2 Kings 14:10 "Thou hast indeed smitten Edom, and thine heart hath lifted thee up: glory of this, and tarry at home: for why shouldest thou meddle to thy hurt, that thou shouldest fall, even thou, and Judah with thee?"
Psalm 20:3 "Remember all thy offerings, and accept thy burnt sacrifice; Selah."
Psalm 114:7 "Tremble, thou earth, at the presence of the Lord, at the presence of the God of Jacob;"
Isaiah 48:1 "Hear ye this, O house of Jacob, which are called by the name of Israel, and are come forth out of the waters of Judah, which swear by the name of the LORD, and make mention of the God of Israel, but not in truth, nor in righteousness."
Luke 15:9 "And when she hath found it, she calleth her friends and her neighbours together, saying, Rejoice with me; for I have found the piece which I had lost."
Isaiah 23:11 "He stretched out his hand over the sea, he shook the kingdoms: the LORD hath given a commandment against the merchant city, to destroy the strong holds thereof."
Genesis 39:4 "And Joseph found grace in his sight, and he served him: and he made him overseer over his house, and all that he had he put into his hand."
1 Chronicles 10:11 "And when all Jabeshgilead heard all that the Philistines had done to Saul,"
Proverbs 31:23 "Her husband is known in the gates, when he sitteth among the elders of the land."
Psalm 105:13 "When they went from one nation to another, from one kingdom to another people;"
Psalm 73:24 "Thou shalt guide me with thy counsel, and afterward receive me to glory."
Zechariah 8:21 "And the inhabitants of one city shall go to another, saying, Let us go speedily to pray before the LORD, and to seek the LORD of hosts: I will go also."
Genesis 17:2 "And I will make my covenant between me and thee, and will multiply thee exceedingly."
Psalm 90:13 "Return, O LORD, how long? and let it repent thee concerning thy servants."
Romans 16:4 "Who have for my life laid down their own necks: unto whom not only I give thanks, but also all the churches of the Gentiles."
Isaiah 44:17 "And the residue thereof he maketh a god, even his graven image: he falleth down unto it, and worshippeth it, and prayeth unto it, and saith, Deliver me; for thou art my god."
Job 11:18 "And thou shalt be secure, because there is hope; yea, thou shalt dig about thee, and thou shalt take thy rest in safety."
Exodus 26:16 "Ten cubits shall be the length of a board, and a cubit and a half shall be the breadth of one board."
Psalm 69:3 "I am weary of my crying: my throat is dried: mine eyes fail while I wait for my God."
Jeremiah 51:37 "And Babylon shall become heaps, a dwellingplace for dragons, an astonishment, and an hissing, without an inhabitant."
Psalm 133:2 "It is like the precious ointment upon the head, that ran down upon the beard, even Aaron's beard: that went down to the skirts of his garments;"
Isaiah 19:16 "In that day shall Egypt be like unto women: and it shall be afraid and fear because of the shaking of the hand of the LORD of hosts, which he shaketh over it."
Acts 15:6 "And the apostles and elders came together for to consider of this matter."
Luke 5:38 "But new wine must be put into new bottles; and both are preserved."
Hosea 5:11 "Ephraim is oppressed and broken in judgment, because he willingly walked after the commandment."
Psalm 72:14 "He shall redeem their soul from deceit and violence: and precious shall their blood be in his sight."
Job 15:21 "A dreadful sound is in his ears: in prosperity the destroyer shall come upon him."
Job 4:11 "The old lion perisheth for lack of prey, and the stout lion's whelps are scattered abroad."
2 Kings 15:36 "Now the rest of the acts of Jotham, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?"
Deuteronomy 3:26 "But the LORD was wroth with me for your sakes, and would not hear me: and the LORD said unto me, Let it suffice thee; speak no more unto me of this matter."
Psalm 107:13 "Then they cried unto the LORD in their trouble, and he saved them out of their distresses."
Exodus 16:10 "And it came to pass, as Aaron spake unto the whole congregation of the children of Israel, that they looked toward the wilderness, and, behold, the glory of the LORD appeared in the cloud."
Deuteronomy 4:35 "Unto thee it was showed, that thou mightest know that the LORD he is God; there is none else beside him."
Proverbs 5:7 "Hear me now therefore, O ye children, and depart not from the words of my mouth."
Psalm 147:3 "He healeth the broken in heart, and bindeth up their wounds."
Ezra 1:9 "And this is the number of them: thirty chargers of gold, a thousand chargers of silver, nine and twenty knives,"
Numbers 28:29 "A several tenth deal unto one lamb, throughout the seven lambs;"
Exodus 16:21 "And they gathered it every morning, every man according to his eating: and when the sun waxed hot, it melted."
2 Kings 6:29 "So we boiled my son, and did eat him: and I said unto her on the next day, Give thy son, that we may eat him: and she hath hid her son."
Genesis 25:17 "And these are the years of the life of Ishmael, an hundred and thirty and seven years: and he gave up the ghost and died; and was gathered unto his people."
Galatians 2:20 "I am crucified with Christ: neverthless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me: and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me, and gave himself for me."
2 Corinthians 9:15 "Thanks be unto God for his unspeakable gift."
Psalm 44:20 "If we have forgotten the name of our God, or stretched out our hands to a strange god;"
Matthew 3:15 "And Jesus answering said unto him, Suffer it to be so now: for thus it becometh us to fulfil all righteousness. Then he suffered him."
Zechariah 13:4 "And it shall come to pass in that day, that the prophets shall be ashamed every one of his vision, when he hath prophesied; neither shall they wear a rough garment to deceive:"
Psalm 114:1 "When Israel went out of Egypt, the house of Jacob from a people of strange language;"
Numbers 3:35 "And the chief of the house of the father of the families of Merari was Zuriel the son of Abihail: these shall pitch on the side of the tabernacle northward."
Ecclesiastes 4:9 "Two are better than one; because they have a good reward for their labour."
Ezekiel 40:6 "Then came he unto the gate which looketh toward the east, and went up the stairs thereof, and measured the threshold of the gate, which was one reed broad; and the other threshold of the gate, which was one reed broad."
2 Corinthians 5:21 "For he hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him."
Deuteronomy 8:19 "And it shall be, if thou do at all forget the LORD thy God, and walk after other gods, and serve them, and worship them, I testify against you this day that ye shall surely perish."
Ecclesiastes 7:19 "Wisdom strengtheneth the wise more than ten mighty men which are in the city."
Jeremiah 46:24 "The daughter of Egypt shall be confounded; she shall be delivered into the hand of the people of the north."
Isaiah 7:15 "Butter and honey shall he eat, that he may know to refuse the evil, and choose the good."
Jeremiah 31:3 "The LORD hath appeared of old unto me, saying, Yea, I have loved thee with an everlasting love: therefore with lovingkindness have I drawn thee."
Leviticus 26:18 "And if ye will not yet for all this hearken unto me, then I will punish you seven times more for your sins."
Proverbs 20:10 "Divers weights, and divers measures, both of them are alike abomination to the LORD."
Lamentations 1:10 "The adversary hath spread out his hand upon all her pleasant things: for she hath seen that the heathen entered into her sanctuary, whom thou didst command that they should not enter into thy congregation."
Jeremiah 16:11 "Then shalt thou say unto them, Because your fathers have forsaken me, saith the LORD, and have walked after other gods, and have served them, and have worshipped them, and have forsaken me, and have not kept my law;"
Luke 6:18 "And they that were vexed with unclean spirits: and they were healed."
Luke 1:26 "And in the sixth month the angel Gabriel was sent from God unto a city of Galilee, named Nazareth,"
Joshua 5:8 "And it came to pass, when they had done circumcising all the people, that they abode in their places in the camp, till they were whole."
Psalm 89:22 "The enemy shall not exact upon him; nor the son of wickedness afflict him."
Nehemiah 7:5 "And my God put into mine heart to gather together the nobles, and the rulers, and the people, that they might be reckoned by genealogy. And I found a register of the genealogy of them which came up at the first, and found written therein,"
2 Chronicles 1:14 "And Solomon gathered chariots and horsemen: and he had a thousand and four hundred chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen, which he placed in the chariot cities, and with the king at Jerusalem."
Deuteronomy 4:3 "Your eyes have seen what the LORD did because of Baalpeor: for all the men that followed Baalpeor, the LORD thy God hath destroyed them from among you."
Exodus 28:2 "And thou shalt make holy garments for Aaron thy brother for glory and for beauty."
Psalm 88:1 "O lord God of my salvation, I have cried day and night before thee:"
Esther 6:12 "And Mordecai came again to the king's gate. But Haman hasted to his house mourning, and having his head covered."
1 Chronicles 16:2 "And when David had made an end of offering the burnt offerings and the peace offerings, he blessed the people in the name of the LORD."
Jeremiah 50:19 "And I will bring Israel again to his habitation, and he shall feed on Carmel and Bashan, and his soul shall be satisfied upon mount Ephraim and Gilead."
Psalm 146:8 "The LORD openeth the eyes of the blind: the LORD raiseth them that are bowed down: the LORD loveth the righteous:"
Matthew 9:29 "Then touched he their eyes, saying, According to your faith be it unto you."
John 3:12 "If I have told you earthly things, and ye believe not, how shall ye believe, if I tell you of heavenly things?"
Psalm 76:11 "Vow, and pay unto the LORD your God: let all that be round about him bring presents unto him that ought to be feared."
Deuteronomy 29:8 "And we took their land, and gave it for an inheritance unto the Reubenites, and to the Gadites, and to the half tribe of Manasseh."
Job 39:14 "Which leaveth her eggs in the earth, and warmeth them in dust,"
Matthew 19:12 "For there are some eunuchs, which were so born from their mother's womb: and there are some eunuchs, which were made eunuchs of men: and there be eunuchs, which have made themselves eunuchs for the kingdom of heaven's sake. He that is able to receive it, let him receive it."
Acts 19:37 "For ye have brought hither these men, which are neither robbers of churches, nor yet blasphemers of your goddess."
John 5:24 "Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life."
Ecclesiastes 7:22 "For oftentimes also thine own heart knoweth that thou thyself likewise hast cursed others."
2 Corinthians 5:5 "Now he that hath wrought us for the selfsame thing is God, who also hath given unto us the earnest of the Spirit."
Genesis 22:9 "And they came to the place which God had told him of; and Abraham built an altar there, and laid the wood in order, and bound Isaac his son, and laid him on the altar upon the wood."
Joshua 22:30 "And when Phinehas the priest, and the princes of the congregation and heads of the thousands of Israel which were with him, heard the words that the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the children of Manasseh spake, it pleased them."
Isaiah 5:15 "And the mean man shall be brought down, and the mighty man shall be humbled, and the eyes of the lofty shall be humbled:"
Ezekiel 11:8 "Ye have feared the sword; and I will bring a sword upon you, saith the Lord GOD."
Ezekiel 17:6 "And it grew, and became a spreading vine of low stature, whose branches turned toward him, and the roots thereof were under him: so it became a vine, and brought forth branches, and shot forth sprigs."
Proverbs 31:11 "The heart of her husband doth safely trust in her, so that he shall have no need of spoil."
Deuteronomy 27:12 "These shall stand upon mount Gerizim to bless the people, when ye are come over Jordan; Simeon, and Levi, and Judah, and Issachar, and Joseph, and Benjamin:"
James 2:11 "For he that said, Do not commit adultery, said also, Do not kill. Now if thou commit no adultery, yet if thou kill, thou art become a transgressor of the law."
Romans 7:23 "But I see another law in my members, warring against the law of my mind, and bringing me into captivity to the law of sin which is in my members."
John 10:21 "Others said, These are not the words of him that hath a devil. Can a devil open the eyes of the blind?"
2 Chronicles 2:8 "Send me also cedar trees, fir trees, and algum trees, out of Lebanon: for I know that thy servants can skill to cut timber in Lebanon; and, behold, my servants shall be with thy servants,"
Philippians 2:27 "For indeed he was sick nigh unto death: but God had mercy on him; and not on him only, but on me also, lest I should have sorrow upon sorrow."
1 Kings 10:13 "And king Solomon gave unto the queen of Sheba all her desire, whatsoever she asked, beside that which Solomon gave her of his royal bounty. So she turned and went to her own country, she and her servants."
2 Chronicles 24:5 "And he gathered together the priests and the Levites, and said to them, Go out unto the cities of Judah, and gather of all Israel money to repair the house of your God from year to year, and see that ye hasten the matter. Howbeit the Levites hastened it not."
Acts 14:5 "And when there was an assault made both of the Gentiles, and also of the Jews with their rulers, to use them despitefully, and to stone them,"
Zechariah 1:2 "The LORD hath been sore displeased with your fathers."
Psalm 119:143 "Trouble and anguish have taken hold on me: yet thy commandments are my delights."
Psalm 95:11 "Unto whom I sware in my wrath that they should not enter into my rest."
Judges 15:13 "And they spake unto him, saying, No; but we will bind thee fast, and deliver thee into their hand: but surely we will not kill thee. And they bound him with two new cords, and brought him up from the rock."
Ezekiel 11:12 "And ye shall know that I am the LORD: for ye have not walked in my statutes, neither executed my judgments, but have done after the manners of the heathen that are round about you."
Job 34:19 "How much less to him that accepteth not the persons of princes, nor regardeth the rich more than the poor? for they all are the work of his hands."
Exodus 30:32 "Upon man's flesh shall it not be poured, neither shall ye make any other like it, after the composition of it: it is holy, and it shall be holy unto you."
Jeremiah 15:16 "Thy words were found, and I did eat them; and thy word was unto me the joy and rejoicing of mine heart: for I am called by thy name, O LORD God of hosts."
Luke 4:18 "The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor; he hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised,"
Psalm 75:10 "All the horns of the wicked also will I cut off; but the horns of the righteous shall be exalted."
Judges 2:13 "And they forsook the LORD, and served Baal and Ashtaroth."
Exodus 35:31 "And he hath filled him with the spirit of God, in wisdom, in understanding, and in knowledge, and in all manner of workmanship;"
Song of Solomon 2:10 "My beloved spake, and said unto me, Rise up, my love, my fair one, and come away."
Luke 7:40 "And Jesus answering said unto him, Simon, I have somewhat to say unto thee. And he saith, Master, say on."
Leviticus 25:10 "And ye shall hallow the fiftieth year, and proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof: it shall be a jubilee unto you; and ye shall return every man unto his possession, and ye shall return every man unto his family."
Proverbs 8:19 "My fruit is better than gold, yea, than fine gold; and my revenue than choice silver."
2 Samuel 11:13 "And when David had called him, he did eat and drink before him; and he made him drunk: and at even he went out to lie on his bed with the servants of his lord, but went not down to his house."
Judges 19:19 "Yet there is both straw and provender for our asses; and there is bread and wine also for me, and for thy handmaid, and for the young man which is with thy servants: there is no want of any thing."
2 Samuel 20:1 "And there happened to be there a man of Belial, whose name was Sheba, the son of Bichri, a Benjamite: and he blew a trumpet, and said, We have no part in David, neither have we inheritance in the son of Jesse: every man to his tents, O Israel."
Mark 3:23 "And he called them unto him, and said unto them in parables, How can Satan cast out Satan?"
1 Kings 20:40 "And as thy servant was busy here and there, he was gone. And the king of Israel said unto him, So shall thy judgment be; thyself hast decided it."
Romans 7:24 "O wretched man that I am! who shall deliver me from the body of this death?"
Matthew 21:31 "Whether of them twain did the will of his father? They say unto him, The first. Jesus saith unto them, Verily I say unto you, That the publicans and the harlots go into the kingdom of God before you."
Job 21:6 "Even when I remember I am afraid, and trembling taketh hold on my flesh."
Isaiah 5:28 "Whose arrows are sharp, and all their bows bent, their horses' hoofs shall be counted like flint, and their wheels like a whirlwind:"
Job 24:7 "They cause the naked to lodge without clothing, that they have no covering in the cold."
Numbers 28:7 "And the drink offering thereof shall be the fourth part of an hin for the one lamb: in the holy place shalt thou cause the strong wine to be poured unto the LORD for a drink offering."
Exodus 33:1 "And the LORD said unto Moses, Depart, and go up hence, thou and the people which thou hast brought up out of the land of Egypt, unto the land which I sware unto Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, saying, Unto thy seed will I give it:"
Exodus 34:19 "All that openeth the matrix is mine; and every firstling among thy cattle, whether ox or sheep, that is male."
2 Kings 4:5 "So she went from him, and shut the door upon her and upon her sons, who brought the vessels to her; and she poured out."
Deuteronomy 26:19 "And to make thee high above all nations which he hath made, in praise, and in name, and in honor; and that thou mayest be an holy people unto the LORD thy God, as he hath spoken."
Acts 5:24 "Now when the high priest and the captain of the temple and the chief priests heard these things, they doubted of them whereunto this would grow."
Nehemiah 6:17 "Moreover in those days the nobles of Judah sent many letters unto Tobiah, and the letters of Tobiah came unto them."
Isaiah 11:8 "And the sucking child shall play on the hole of the asp, and the weaned child shall put his hand on the cockatrice' den."
Isaiah 51:20 "Thy sons have fainted, they lie at the head of all the streets, as a wild bull in a net: they are full of the fury of the LORD, the rebuke of thy God."
1 Chronicles 7:26 "Laadan his son, Ammihud his son, Elishama his son."
1 Timothy 6:12 "Fight the good fight of faith, lay hold on eternal life, whereunto thou art also called, and hast professed a good profession before many witnesses."
Joshua 23:3 "And ye have seen all that the LORD your God hath done unto all these nations because of you; for the LORD your God is he that hath fought for you."
Daniel 11:23 "And after the league made with him he shall work deceitfully: for he shall come up, and shall become strong with a small people."
Luke 12:26 "If ye then be not able to do that thing which is least, why take ye thought for the rest?"
Psalm 107:16 "For he hath broken the gates of brass, and cut the bars of iron in sunder."
2 Kings 22:20 "Behold therefore, I will gather thee unto thy fathers, and thou shalt be gathered into thy grave in peace; and thine eyes shall not see all the evil which I will bring upon this place. And they brought the king word again."
2 Samuel 22:25 "Therefore the LORD hath recompensed me according to my righteousness; according to my cleanness in his eye sight."
1 Kings 22:40 "So Ahab slept with his fathers; and Ahaziah his son reigned in his stead."
Exodus 18:25 "And Moses chose able men out of all Israel, and made them heads over the people, rulers of thousands, rulers of hundreds, rulers of fifties, and rulers of tens."
2 Kings 2:24 "And he turned back, and looked on them, and cursed them in the name of the LORD. And there came forth two she bears out of the wood, and tare forty and two children of them."
Judges 20:35 "And the LORD smote Benjamin before Israel: and the children of Israel destroyed of the Benjamites that day twenty and five thousand and an hundred men: all these drew the sword."
1 Corinthians 10:7 "Neither be ye idolaters, as were some of them; as it is written, The people sat down to eat and drink, and rose up to play."
2 Peter 3:13 "Nevertheless we, according to his promise, look for new heavens and a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness."
Job 22:7 "Thou hast not given water to the weary to drink, and thou hast withholden bread from the hungry."
Acts 26:11 "And I punished them oft in every synagogue, and compelled them to blaspheme; and being exceedingly mad against them, I persecuted them even unto strange cities."
Psalm 141:9 "Keep me from the snares which they have laid for me, and the gins of the workers of iniquity."
Matthew 5:26 "Verily I say unto thee, Thou shalt by no means come out thence, till thou hast paid the uttermost farthing."
Deuteronomy 28:13 "And the LORD shall make thee the head, and not the tail; and thou shalt be above only, and thou shalt not be beneath; if that thou hearken unto the commandments of the LORD thy God, which I command thee this day, to observe and to do them:"
1 Samuel 20:25 "And the king sat upon his seat, as at other times, even upon a seat by the wall: and Jonathan arose, and Abner sat by Saul's side, and David's place was empty."
Amos 4:4 "Come to Bethel, and transgress; at Gilgal multiply transgression; and bring your sacrifices every morning, and your tithes after three years:"
1 Corinthians 3:3 "For ye are yet carnal: for whereas there is among you envying, and strife, and divisions, are ye not carnal, and walk as men?"
2 Kings 16:13 "And he burnt his burnt offering and his meat offering, and poured his drink offering, and sprinkled the blood of his peace offerings, upon the altar."
Exodus 37:6 "And he made the mercy seat of pure gold: two cubits and a half was the length thereof, and one cubit and a half the breadth thereof."
1 Samuel 20:30 "Then Saul's anger was kindled against Jonathan, and he said unto him, Thou son of the perverse rebellious woman, do not I know that thou hast chosen the son of Jesse to thine own confusion, and unto the confusion of thy mother's nakedness?"
Acts 23:32 "On the morrow they left the horsemen to go with him, and returned to the castle:"
2 Kings 20:9 "And Isaiah said, This sign shalt thou have of the LORD, that the LORD will do the thing that he hath spoken: shall the shadow go forward ten degrees, or go back ten degrees?"
1 Samuel 14:32 "And the people flew upon the spoil, and took sheep, and oxen, and calves, and slew them on the ground: and the people did eat them with the blood."
1 Kings 17:4 "And it shall be, that thou shalt drink of the brook; and I have commanded the ravens to feed thee there."
1 Corinthians 11:31 "For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged."
Genesis 37:27 "Come, and let us sell him to the Ishmaelites, and let not our hand be upon him; for he is our brother and our flesh. And his brethren were content."
Job 23:8 "Behold, I go forward, but he is not there; and backward, but I cannot perceive him:"
Joshua 22:34 "And the children of Reuben and the children of Gad called the altar Ed: for it shall be a witness between us that the LORD is God."
Numbers 30:14 "But if her husband altogether hold his peace at her from day to day; then he establisheth all her vows, or all her bonds, which are upon her: he confirmeth them, because he held his peace at her in the day that he heard them."
Exodus 39:42 "According to all that the LORD commanded Moses, so the children of Israel made all the work."
Luke 23:37 "And saying, If thou be the king of the Jews, save thyself."
Matthew 12:27 "And if I by Beelzebub cast out devils, by whom do your children cast them out? therefore they shall be your judges."
2 Samuel 1:3 "And David said unto him, From whence comest thou? And he said unto him, Out of the camp of Israel am I escaped."
Ezekiel 40:5 "And behold a wall on the outside of the house round about, and in the man's hand a measuring reed of six cubits long by the cubit and an hand breadth: so he measured the breadth of the building, one reed; and the height, one reed."
Isaiah 1:2 "Hear, O heavens, and give ear, O earth: for the LORD hath spoken, I have nourished and brought up children, and they have rebelled against me."
Revelation 22:19 "And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book."
Psalm 104:12 "By them shall the fowls of the heaven have their habitation, which sing among the branches."
2 Samuel 11:21 "Who smote Abimelech the son of Jerubbesheth? did not a woman cast a piece of a millstone upon him from the wall, that he died in Thebez? why went ye nigh the wall? then say thou, Thy servant Uriah the Hittite is dead also."
1 Thessalonians 1:3 "Remembering without ceasing your work of faith, and labour of love, and patience of hope in our Lord Jesus Christ, in the sight of God and our Father;"
Exodus 33:3 "Unto a land flowing with milk and honey: for I will not go up in the midst of thee; for thou art a stiffnecked people: lest I consume thee in the way."
2 Samuel 8:1 "And after this it came to pass that David smote the Philistines, and subdued them: and David took Methegammah out of the hand of the Philistines."
Exodus 28:24 "And thou shalt put the two wreathed chains of gold in the two rings which are on the ends of the breastplate."
Colossians 3:5 "Mortify therefore your members which are upon the earth; fornication, uncleanness, inordinate affection, evil concupiscence, and covetousness, which is idolatry:"
Job 28:12 "But where shall wisdom be found? and where is the place of understanding?"
Jeremiah 35:16 "Because the sons of Jonadab the son of Rechab have performed the commandment of their father, which he commanded them; but this people hath not hearkened unto me:"
Acts 8:30 "And Philip ran thither to him, and heard him read the prophet Esaias, and said, Understandest thou what thou readest?"
2 Kings 13:16 "And he said to the king of Israel, Put thine hand upon the bow. And he put his hand upon it: and Elisha put his hands upon the king's hands."
1 Samuel 23:4 "Then David inquired of the LORD yet again. And the LORD answered him and said, Arise, go down to Keilah; for I will deliver the Philistines into thine hand."
1 Timothy 2:4 "Who will have all men to be saved, and to come unto the knowledge of the truth."
Mark 13:30 "Verily I say unto you, that this generation shall not pass, till all these things be done."
1 Chronicles 25:23 "The sixteenth to Hananiah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:"
Ezekiel 46:5 "And the meat offering shall be an ephah for a ram, and the meat offering for the lambs as he shall be able to give, and an hin of oil to an ephah."
Genesis 9:2 "And the fear of you and the dread of you shall be upon every beast of the earth, and upon every fowl of the air, upon all that moveth upon the earth, and upon all the fishes of the sea; into your hand are they delivered."
2 Kings 21:9 "But they hearkened not: and Manasseh seduced them to do more evil than did the nations whom the LORD destroyed before the children of Israel."
John 9:9 "Some said, This is he: others said, He is like him: but he said, I am he."
Galatians 6:13 "For neither they themselves who are circumcised keep the law; but desire to have you circumcised, that they may glory in your flesh."
Jeremiah 31:10 "Hear the word of the LORD, O ye nations, and declare it in the isles afar off, and say, He that scattered Israel will gather him, and keep him, as a shepherd doth his flock."
Song of Solomon 8:12 "My vineyard, which is mine, is before me: thou, O Solomon, must have a thousand, and those that keep the fruit thereof two hundred."
Nahum 3:14 "Draw thee waters for the siege, fortify thy strong holds: go into clay, and tread the morter, make strong the brickkiln."
Proverbs 21:22 "A wise man scaleth the city of the mighty, and casteth down the strength of the confidence thereof."
Psalm 109:22 "For I am poor and needy, and my heart is wounded within me."
Leviticus 10:4 "And Moses called Mishael and Elzaphan, the sons of Uzziel the uncle of Aaron, and said unto them, Come near, carry your brethren from before the sanctuary out of the camp."
Proverbs 1:13 "We shall find all precious substance, we shall fill our houses with spoil:"
Deuteronomy 1:36 "Save Caleb the son of Jephunneh; he shall see it, and to him will I give the land that he hath trodden upon, and to his children, because he hath wholly followed the LORD."
Isaiah 22:8 "And he discovered the covering of Judah, and thou didst look in that day to the armour of the house of the forest."
Judges 8:25 "And they answered, We will willingly give them. And they spread a garment, and did cast therein every man the earrings of his prey."
1 Kings 12:30 "And this thing became a sin: for the people went to worship before the one, even unto Dan."
Hebrews 13:6 "So that we may boldly say, The Lord is my helper, and I will not fear what man shall do unto me."
Ezekiel 20:22 "Nevertheless I withdrew mine hand, and wrought for my name's sake, that it should not be polluted in the sight of the heathen, in whose sight I brought them forth."
Philippians 3:15 "Let us therefore, as many as be perfect, be thus minded: and if in any thing ye be otherwise minded, God shall reveal even this unto you."
Isaiah 29:3 "And I will camp against thee round about, and will lay siege against thee with a mount, and I will raise forts against thee."
Exodus 21:30 "If there be laid on him a sum of money, then he shall give for the ransom of his life whatsoever is laid upon him."
2 Kings 25:5 "And the army of the Chaldees pursued after the king, and overtook him in the plains of Jericho: and all his army were scattered from him."
Ezekiel 21:11 "And he hath given it to be furbished, that it may be handled: this sword is sharpened, and it is furbished, to give it into the hand of the slayer."
Luke 13:7 "Then said he unto the dresser of his vineyard, Behold, these three years I come seeking fruit on this fig tree, and find none: cut it down; why cumbereth it the ground?"
2 Chronicles 1:13 "Then Solomon came from his journey to the high place that was at Gibeon to Jerusalem, from before the tabernacle of the congregation, and reigned over Israel."
Proverbs 8:15 "By me kings reign, and princes decree justice."
Luke 22:49 "When they which were about him saw what would follow, they said unto him, Lord, shall we smite with the sword?"
Numbers 23:16 "And the LORD met Balaam, and put a word in his mouth, and said, Go again unto Balak, and say thus."
Luke 23:16 "I will therefore chastise him, and release him."
Numbers 24:5 "How goodly are thy tents, O Jacob, and thy tabernacles, O Israel!"
1 Kings 22:11 "And Zedekiah the son of Chenaanah made him horns of iron: and he said, Thus saith the LORD, With these shalt thou push the Syrians, until thou have consumed them."
2 Samuel 3:39 "And I am this day weak, though anointed king; and these men the sons of Zeruiah be too hard for me: the LORD shall reward the doer of evil according to his wickedness."
1 Samuel 21:12 "And David laid up these words in his heart, and was sore afraid of Achish the king of Gath."
1 John 2:13 "I write unto you, fathers, because ye have known him that is from the beginning. I write unto you, young men, because ye have overcome the wicked one. I write unto you, little children, because ye have known the Father."
Ezekiel 16:15 "But thou didst trust in thine own beauty, and playedst the harlot because of thy renown, and pouredst out thy fornications on every one that passed by; his it was."
Daniel 2:2 "Then the king commanded to call the magicians, and the astrologers, and the sorcerers, and the Chaldeans, for to shew the king his dreams. So they came and stood before the king."
Jeremiah 50:22 "A sound of battle is in the land, and of great destruction."
Deuteronomy 21:4 "And the elders of that city shall bring down the heifer unto a rough valley, which is neither eared nor sown, and shall strike off the heifer's neck there in the valley:"
John 21:19 "This spake he, signifying by what death he should glorify God. And when he had spoken this, he saith unto him, Follow me."
Ezra 6:7 "Let the work of this house of God alone; let the governor of the Jews and the elders of the Jews build this house of God in his place."
John 6:46 "Not that any man hath seen the Father, save he which is of God, he hath seen the Father."
1 Samuel 18:4 "And Jonathan stripped himself of the robe that was upon him, and gave it to David, and his garments, even to his sword, and to his bow, and to his girdle."
Jeremiah 38:22 "And, behold, all the women that are left in the king of Judah's house shall be brought forth to the king of Babylon's princes, and those women shall say, Thy friends have set thee on, and have prevailed against thee: thy feet are sunk in the mire, and they are turned away back."
Numbers 7:32 "One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:"
Romans 12:6 "Having then gifts differing according to the grace that is given to us, whether prophecy, let us prophesy according to the proportion of faith;"
Ezekiel 16:28 "Thou hast played the whore also with the Assyrians, because thou wast unsatiable; yea, thou hast played the harlot with them, and yet couldest not be satisfied."
Daniel 12:10 "Many shall be purified, and made white, and tried; but the wicked shall do wickedly: and none of the wicked shall understand; but the wise shall understand."
Genesis 17:14 "And the uncircumcised man child whose flesh of his foreskin is not circumcised, that soul shall be cut off from his people; he hath broken my covenant."
Exodus 19:12 "And thou shalt set bounds unto the people round about, saying, Take heed to yourselves, that ye go not up into the mount, or touch the border of it: whosoever toucheth the mount shall be surely put to death:"
Proverbs 4:1 "Hear, ye children, the instruction of a father, and attend to know understanding."
Revelation 18:8 "Therefore shall her plagues come in one day, death, and mourning, and famine; and she shall be utterly burned with fire: for strong is the Lord God who judgeth her."
Isaiah 4:1 "And in that day seven women shall take hold of one man, saying, We will eat our own bread, and wear our own apparel: only let us be called by thy name, to take away our reproach."
Jeremiah 30:21 "And their nobles shall be of themselves, and their governor shall proceed from the midst of them; and I will cause him to draw near, and he shall approach unto me: for who is this that engaged his heart to approach unto me? saith the LORD."
Psalm 149:5 "Let the saints be joyful in glory: let them sing aloud upon their beds."
Jeremiah 25:18 "To wit, Jerusalem, and the cities of Judah, and the kings thereof, and the princes thereof, to make them a desolation, an astonishment, an hissing, and a curse; as it is this day;"
Proverbs 5:17 "Let them be only thine own, and not strangers' with thee."
1 Corinthians 12:1 "Now concerning spiritual gifts, brethren, I would not have you ignorant."
Job 11:15 "For then shalt thou lift up thy face without spot; yea, thou shalt be stedfast, and shalt not fear:"
Exodus 34:2 "And be ready in the morning, and come up in the morning unto mount Sinai, and present thyself there to me in the top of the mount."
Ezekiel 20:20 "And hallow my sabbaths; and they shall be a sign between me and you, that ye may know that I am the LORD your God."
Proverbs 25:9 "Debate thy cause with thy neighbour himself; and discover not a secret to another:"
John 11:51 "And this spake he not of himself: but being high priest that year, he prophesied that Jesus should die for that nation;"
Isaiah 11:11 "And it shall come to pass in that day, that the Lord shall set his hand again the second time to recover the remnant of his people, which shall be left, from Assyria, and from Egypt, and from Pathros, and from Cush, and from Elam, and from Shinar, and from Hamath, and from the islands of the sea."
Exodus 28:15 "And thou shalt make the breastplate of judgment with cunning work; after the work of the ephod thou shalt make it; of gold, of blue, and of purple, and of scarlet, and of fine twined linen, shalt thou make it."
Acts 11:14 "Who shall tell thee words, whereby thou and all thy house shall be saved."
Psalm 89:6 "For who in the heaven can be compared unto the LORD? who among the sons of the mighty can be likened unto the LORD?"
John 10:40 "And went away again beyond Jordan into the place where John at first baptized; and there he abode."
1 Samuel 2:16 "And if any man said unto him, Let them not fail to burn the fat presently, and then take as much as thy soul desireth; then he would answer him, Nay; but thou shalt give it me now: and if not, I will take it by force."
Matthew 20:21 "And he said unto her, What wilt thou? She saith unto him, Grant that these my two sons may sit, the one on thy right hand, and the other on the left, in thy kingdom."
Job 38:1 "Then the LORD answered Job out of the whirlwind, and said,"
Exodus 2:4 "And his sister stood afar off, to wit what would be done to him."
1 Kings 13:15 "Then he said unto him, Come home with me, and eat bread."
Psalm 142:5 "I cried unto thee, O LORD: I said, Thou art my refuge and my portion in the land of the living."
John 20:9 "For as yet they knew not the scripture, that he must rise again from the dead."
Romans 16:12 "Salute Tryphena and Tryphosa, who labour in the Lord. Salute the beloved Persis, which laboured much in the Lord."
Psalm 90:7 "For we are consumed by thine anger, and by thy wrath are we troubled."
Job 9:8 "Which alone spreadeth out the heavens, and treadeth upon the waves of the sea."
1 Kings 14:29 "Now the rest of the acts of Rehoboam, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?"
Exodus 29:39 "The one lamb thou shalt offer in the morning; and the other lamb thou shalt offer at even:"
Luke 24:44 "And he said unto them, These are the words which I spake unto you, while I was yet with you, that all things must be fulfilled, which were written in the law of Moses, and in the prophets, and in the psalms, concerning me."
2 Kings 4:19 "And he said unto his father, My head, my head. And he said to a lad, Carry him to his mother."
Exodus 25:25 "And thou shalt make unto it a border of an hand breadth round about, and thou shalt make a golden crown to the border thereof round about."
Judges 11:39 "And it came to pass at the end of two months, that she returned unto her father, who did with her according to his vow which he had vowed: and she knew no man. And it was a custom in Israel,"
Psalm 83:13 "O my God, make them like a wheel; as the stubble before the wind."
Jeremiah 44:30 "Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will give Pharaohhophra king of Egypt into the hand of his enemies, and into the hand of them that seek his life; as I gave Zedekiah king of Judah into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, his enemy, and that sought his life."
Psalm 38:5 "My wounds stink and are corrupt because of my foolishness."
2 Chronicles 35:2 "And he set the priests in their charges, and encouraged them to the service of the house of the LORD,"
Job 23:6 "Will he plead against me with his great power? No; but he would put strength in me."
Isaiah 8:5 "The LORD spake also unto me again, saying,"
Job 27:21 "The east wind carrieth him away, and he departeth: and as a storm hurleth him out of his place."
John 7:39 "(But this spake he of the Spirit, which they that believe on him should receive: for the Holy Ghost was not yet given; because that Jesus was not yet glorified.)"
Ecclesiastes 8:14 "There is a vanity which is done upon the earth; that there be just men, unto whom it happeneth according to the work of the wicked; again, there be wicked men, to whom it happeneth according to the work of the righteous: I said that this also is vanity."
Joshua 5:3 "And Joshua made him sharp knives, and circumcised the children of Israel at the hill of the foreskins."
John 7:52 "They answered and said unto him, Art thou also of Galilee? Search, and look: for out of Galilee ariseth no prophet."
Luke 23:27 "And there followed him a great company of people, and of women, which also bewailed and lamented him."
Revelation 16:18 "And there were voices, and thunders, and lightnings; and there was a great earthquake, such as was not since men were upon the earth, so mighty an earthquake, and so great."
Genesis 26:35 "Which were a grief of mind unto Isaac and to Rebekah."
Ephesians 5:14 "Wherefore he saith, Awake thou that sleepest, and arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light."
Galatians 2:16 "Knowing that a man is not justified by the works of the law, but by the faith of Jesus Christ, even we have believed in Jesus Christ, that we might be justified by the faith of Christ, and not by the works of the law: for by the works of the law shall no flesh be justified."
Romans 5:10 "For if, when we were enemies, we were reconciled to God by the death of his Son, much more, being reconciled, we shall be saved by his life."
1 Chronicles 19:10 "Now when Joab saw that the battle was set against him before and behind, he chose out of all the choice of Israel, and put them in array against the Syrians."
Exodus 26:26 "And thou shalt make bars of shittim wood; five for the boards of the one side of the tabernacle,"
Daniel 5:1 "Belshazzar the king made a great feast to a thousand of his lords, and drank wine before the thousand."
Deuteronomy 3:9 "(Which Hermon the Sidonians call Sirion; and the Amorites call it Shenir;)"
Romans 12:4 "For as we have many members in one body, and all members have not the same office:"
1 Samuel 10:2 "When thou art departed from me to day, then thou shalt find two men by Rachel's sepulchre in the border of Benjamin at Zelzah; and they will say unto thee, The asses which thou wentest to seek are found: and, lo, thy father hath left the care of the asses, and sorroweth for you, saying, What shall I do for my son?"
Leviticus 4:18 "And he shall put some of the blood upon the horns of the altar which is before the LORD, that is in the tabernacle of the congregation, and shall pour out all the blood at the bottom of the altar of the burnt offering, which is at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation."
2 Chronicles 21:14 "Behold, with a great plague will the LORD smite thy people, and thy children, and thy wives, and all thy goods:"
Revelation 1:20 "The mystery of the seven stars which thou sawest in my right hand, and the seven golden candlesticks. The seven stars are the angels of the seven churches: and the seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches."
1 Samuel 28:3 "Now Samuel was dead, and all Israel had lamented him, and buried him in Ramah, even in his own city. And Saul had put away those that had familiar spirits, and the wizards, out of the land."
Exodus 17:1 "And all the congregation of the children of Israel journeyed from the wilderness of Sin, after their journeys, according to the commandment of the LORD, and pitched in Rephidim: and there was no water for the people to drink."
Ezra 2:28 "The men of Bethel and Ai, two hundred twenty and three."
Genesis 37:2 "These are the generations of Jacob. Joseph, being seventeen years old, was feeding the flock with his brethren; and the lad was with the sons of Bilhah, and with the sons of Zilpah, his father's wives: and Joseph brought unto his father their evil report."
Genesis 43:29 "And he lifted up his eyes, and saw his brother Benjamin, his mother's son, and said, Is this your younger brother, of whom ye spake unto me? And he said, God be gracious unto thee, my son."
Matthew 2:6 "And thou Bethlehem, in the land of Juda, art not the least among the princes of Juda: for out of thee shall come a Governor, that shall rule my people Israel."
Jeremiah 7:15 "And I will cast you out of my sight, as I have cast out all your brethren, even the whole seed of Ephraim."
Ezekiel 4:4 "Lie thou also upon thy left side, and lay the iniquity of the house of Israel upon it: according to the number of the days that thou shalt lie upon it thou shalt bear their iniquity."
Deuteronomy 33:6 "Let Reuben live, and not die; and let not his men be few."
John 1:35 "Again the next day after John stood, and two of his disciples;"
2 Chronicles 6:33 "Then hear thou from the heavens, even from thy dwelling place, and do according to all that the stranger calleth to thee for; that all people of the earth may know thy name, and fear thee, as doth thy people Israel, and may know that this house which I have built is called by thy name."
Ezekiel 13:13 "Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; I will even rend it with a stormy wind in my fury; and there shall be an overflowing shower in mine anger, and great hailstones in my fury to consume it."
Genesis 20:8 "Therefore Abimelech rose early in the morning, and called all his servants, and told all these things in their ears: and the men were sore afraid."
Genesis 26:2 "And the LORD appeared unto him, and said, Go not down into Egypt; dwell in the land which I shall tell thee of:"
Psalm 25:6 "Remember, O LORD, thy tender mercies and thy lovingkindnesses; for they have been ever of old."
Hebrews 6:3 "And this will we do, if God permit."
Job 6:24 "Teach me, and I will hold my tongue: and cause me to understand wherein I have erred."
Matthew 12:11 "And he said unto them, What man shall there be among you, that shall have one sheep, and if it fall into a pit on the sabbath day, will he not lay hold on it, and lift it out?"
1 Kings 7:14 "He was a widow's son of the tribe of Naphtali, and his father was a man of Tyre, a worker in brass: and he was filled with wisdom, and understanding, and cunning to work all works in brass. And he came to king Solomon, and wrought all his work."
Numbers 14:17 "And now, I beseech thee, let the power of my Lord be great, according as thou hast spoken, saying,"
Isaiah 65:20 "There shall be no more thence an infant of days, nor an old man that hath not filled his days: for the child shall die an hundred years old; but the sinner being an hundred years old shall be accursed."
Isaiah 49:16 "Behold, I have graven thee upon the palms of my hands; thy walls are continually before me."
Exodus 22:22 "Ye shall not afflict any widow, or fatherless child."
Exodus 23:26 "There shall nothing cast their young, nor be barren, in thy land: the number of thy days I will fulfil."
Matthew 8:2 "And, behold, there came a leper and worshipped him, saying, Lord, if thou wilt, thou canst make me clean."
Proverbs 10:3 "The LORD will not suffer the soul of the righteous to famish: but he casteth away the substance of the wicked."
2 Kings 6:14 "Therefore sent he thither horses, and chariots, and a great host: and they came by night, and compassed the city about."
Psalm 80:3 "Turn us again, O God, and cause thy face to shine; and we shall be saved."
1 Kings 6:16 "And he built twenty cubits on the sides of the house, both the floor and the walls with boards of cedar: he even built them for it within, even for the oracle, even for the most holy place."
Judges 9:21 "And Jotham ran away, and fled, and went to Beer, and dwelt there, for fear of Abimelech his brother."
Leviticus 21:14 "A widow, or a divorced woman, or profane, or an harlot, these shall he not take: but he shall take a virgin of his own people to wife."
Revelation 20:1 "And I saw an angel come down from heaven, having the key of the bottomless pit and a great chain in his hand."
Joshua 8:11 "And all the people, even the people of war that were with him, went up, and drew nigh, and came before the city, and pitched on the north side of Ai: now there was a valley between them and Ai."
John 8:11 "She said, No man, Lord. And Jesus said unto her, Neither do I condemn thee: go, and sin no more."
2 Kings 4:3 "Then he said, Go, borrow thee vessels abroad of all thy neighbors, even empty vessels; borrow not a few."
1 Chronicles 12:22 "For at that time day by day there came to David to help him, until it was a great host, like the host of God."
Mark 9:46 "Where their worm dieth not, and the fire is not quenched."
1 Chronicles 26:26 "Which Shelomith and his brethren were over all the treasures of the dedicated things, which David the king, and the chief fathers, the captains over thousands and hundreds, and the captains of the host, had dedicated."
2 Chronicles 35:3 "And said unto the Levites that taught all Israel, which were holy unto the LORD, Put the holy ark in the house which Solomon the son of David king of Israel did build; it shall not be a burden upon your shoulders: serve now the LORD your God, and his people Israel,"
2 Corinthians 13:8 "For we can do nothing against the truth, but for the truth."
Matthew 5:15 "Neither do men light a candle, and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick; and it giveth light unto all that are in the house."
1 Kings 10:2 "And she came to Jerusalem with a very great train, with camels that bare spices, and very much gold, and precious stones: and when she was come to Solomon, she communed with him of all that was in her heart."
Daniel 10:12 "Then said he unto me, Fear not, Daniel: for from the first day that thou didst set thine heart to understand, and to chasten thyself before thy God, thy words were heard, and I am come for thy words."
Luke 7:35 "But wisdom is justified of all her children."
Leviticus 17:7 "And they shall no more offer their sacrifices unto devils, after whom they have gone a whoring. This shall be a statute for ever unto them throughout their generations."
Ecclesiastes 12:11 "The words of the wise are as goads, and as nails fastened by the masters of assemblies, which are given from one shepherd."
Psalm 78:59 "When God heard this, he was wroth, and greatly abhorred Israel:"
Mark 9:8 "And suddenly, when they had looked round about, they saw no man any more, save Jesus only with themselves."
Mark 7:20 "And he said, That which cometh out of the man, that defileth the man."
Ezra 2:7 "The children of Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four."
Psalm 135:6 "Whatsoever the LORD pleased, that did he in heaven, and in earth, in the seas, and all deep places."
Acts 7:21 "And when he was cast out, Pharaoh's daughter took him up, and nourished him for her own son."
1 Kings 15:19 "There is a league between me and thee, and between my father and thy father: behold, I have sent unto thee a present of silver and gold; come and break thy league with Baasha king of Israel, that he may depart from me."
Genesis 36:38 "And Saul died, and Baalhanan the son of Achbor reigned in his stead."
Acts 4:14 "And beholding the man which was healed standing with them, they could say nothing against it."
1 Chronicles 25:18 "The eleventh to Azareel, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:"
Ephesians 4:20 "But ye have not so learned Christ;"
Psalm 91:6 "Nor for the pestilence that walketh in darkness; nor for the destruction that wasteth at noonday."
Zechariah 5:2 "And he said unto me, What seest thou? And I answered, I see a flying roll; the length thereof is twenty cubits, and the breadth thereof ten cubits."
Exodus 12:16 "And in the first day there shall be an holy convocation, and in the seventh day there shall be an holy convocation to you; no manner of work shall be done in them, save that which every man must eat, that only may be done of you."
Proverbs 27:15 "A continual dropping in a very rainy day and a contentious woman are alike."
Acts 11:5 "I was in the city of Joppa praying: and in a trance I saw a vision, A certain vessel descend, as it had been a great sheet, let down from heaven by four corners; and it came even to me:"
Joshua 17:11 "And Manasseh had in Issachar and in Asher Bethshean and her towns, and Ibleam and her towns, and the inhabitants of Dor and her towns, and the inhabitants of Endor and her towns, and the inhabitants of Taanach and her towns, and the inhabitants of Megiddo and her towns, even three countries."
Leviticus 18:11 "The nakedness of thy father's wife's daughter, begotten of thy father, she is thy sister, thou shalt not uncover her nakedness."
Ezekiel 28:20 "Again the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,"
Jeremiah 51:9 "We would have healed Babylon, but she is not healed: forsake her, and let us go every one into his own country: for her judgment reacheth unto heaven, and is lifted up even to the skies."
Ezekiel 12:5 "Dig thou through the wall in their sight, and carry out thereby."
Matthew 6:25 "Therefore I say unto you, Take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink; nor yet for your body, what ye shall put on. Is not the life more than meat, and the body than raiment?"
Deuteronomy 28:43 "The stranger that is within thee shall get up above thee very high; and thou shalt come down very low."
Ezekiel 47:13 "Thus saith the Lord GOD; This shall be the border, whereby ye shall inherit the land according to the twelve tribes of Israel: Joseph shall have two portions."
2 Samuel 21:8 "But the king took the two sons of Rizpah the daughter of Aiah, whom she bare unto Saul, Armoni and Mephibosheth; and the five sons of Michal the daughter of Saul, whom she brought up for Adriel the son of Barzillai the Meholathite:"
1 Samuel 2:1 "And Hannah prayed, and said, My heart rejoiceth in the LORD, mine horn is exalted in the LORD: my mouth is enlarged over mine enemies; because I rejoice in thy salvation."
Exodus 35:4 "And Moses spake unto all the congregation of the children of Israel, saying, This is the thing which the LORD commanded, saying,"
Psalm 50:10 "For every beast of the forest is mine, and the cattle upon a thousand hills."
1 Kings 18:13 "Was it not told my lord what I did when Jezebel slew the prophets of the LORD, how I hid an hundred men of the LORD's prophets by fifty in a cave, and fed them with bread and water?"
Job 21:25 "And another dieth in the bitterness of his soul, and never eateth with pleasure."
Acts 15:5 "But there rose up certain of the sect of the Pharisees which believed, saying, That it was needful to circumcise them, and to command them to keep the law of Moses."
Proverbs 22:3 "A prudent man foreseeth the evil, and hideth himself: but the simple pass on, and are punished."
Numbers 33:35 "And they departed from Ebronah, and encamped at Eziongaber."
John 16:18 "They said therefore, What is this that he saith, A little while? we cannot tell what he saith."
Ephesians 5:25 "Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ also loved the church, and gave himself for it;"
Luke 18:14 "I tell you, this man went down to his house justified rather than the other: for every one that exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted."
Leviticus 18:4 "Ye shall do my judgments, and keep mine ordinances, to walk therein: I am the LORD your God."
Genesis 44:19 "My lord asked his servants, saying, Have ye a father, or a brother?"
Psalm 41:7 "All that hate me whisper together against me: against me do they devise my hurt."
Matthew 10:27 "What I tell you in darkness, that speak ye in light: and what ye hear in the ear, that preach ye upon the housetops."
Mark 12:43 "And he called unto him his disciples, and saith unto them, Verily I say unto you, That this poor widow hath cast more in, than all they which have cast into the treasury:"
Genesis 14:2 "That these made war with Bera king of Sodom, and with Birsha king of Gomorrah, Shinab king of Admah, and Shemeber king of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela, which is Zoar."
1 Chronicles 1:11 "And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim,"
Joshua 8:4 "And he commanded them, saying, Behold, ye shall lie in wait against the city, even behind the city: go not very far from the city, but be ye all ready:"
Joshua 23:11 "Take good heed therefore unto yourselves, that ye love the LORD your God."
2 Chronicles 16:3 "There is a league between me and thee, as there was between my father and thy father: behold, I have sent thee silver and gold; go, break thy league with Baasha king of Israel, that he may depart from me."
Psalm 23:3 "He restoreth my soul: he leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake."
Nehemiah 7:48 "The children of Lebana, the children of Hagaba, the children of Shalmai,"
Job 29:7 "When I went out to the gate through the city, when I prepared my seat in the street!"
Ruth 2:17 "So she gleaned in the field until even, and beat out that she had gleaned: and it was about an ephah of barley."
Jeremiah 19:15 "Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will bring upon this city and upon all her towns all the evil that I have pronounced against it, because they have hardened their necks, that they might not hear my words."
1 Corinthians 1:6 "Even as the testimony of Christ was confirmed in you:"
Deuteronomy 21:14 "And it shall be, if thou have no delight in her, then thou shalt let her go whither she will; but thou shalt not sell her at all for money, thou shalt not make merchandise of her, because thou hast humbled her."
Jeremiah 19:9 "And I will cause them to eat the flesh of their sons and the flesh of their daughters, and they shall eat every one the flesh of his friend in the siege and straitness, wherewith their enemies, and they that seek their lives, shall straiten them."
Psalm 78:32 "For all this they sinned still, and believed not for his wondrous works."
Leviticus 4:3 "If the priest that is anointed do sin according to the sin of the people; then let him bring for his sin, which he hath sinned, a young bullock without blemish unto the LORD for a sin offering."
Job 42:8 "Therefore take unto you now seven bullocks and seven rams, and go to my servant Job, and offer up for yourselves a burnt offering; and my servant Job shall pray for you: for him will I accept: lest I deal with you after your folly, in that ye have not spoken of me the thing which is right, like my servant Job."
Job 38:39 "Wilt thou hunt the prey for the lion? or fill the appetite of the young lions,"
2 Kings 6:33 "And while he yet talked with them, behold, the messenger came down unto him: and he said, Behold, this evil is of the LORD; what should I wait for the LORD any longer?"
Exodus 16:11 "And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,"
1 Kings 15:22 "Then king Asa made a proclamation throughout all Judah; none was exempted: and they took away the stones of Ramah, and the timber thereof, wherewith Baasha had builded; and king Asa built with them Geba of Benjamin, and Mizpah."
Numbers 5:18 "And the priest shall set the woman before the LORD, and uncover the woman's head, and put the offering of memorial in her hands, which is the jealousy offering: and the priest shall have in his hand the bitter water that causeth the curse:"
Proverbs 20:11 "Even a child is known by his doings, whether his work be pure, and whether it be right."
Luke 12:55 "And when ye see the south wind blow, ye say, There will be heat; and it cometh to pass."
Amos 6:4 "That lie upon beds of ivory, and stretch themselves upon their couches, and eat the lambs out of the flock, and the calves out of the midst of the stall;"
Judges 1:33 "Neither did Naphtali drive out the inhabitants of Bethshemesh, nor the inhabitants of Bethanath; but he dwelt among the Canaanites, the inhabitants of the land: nevertheless the inhabitants of Bethshemesh and of Bethanath became tributaries unto them."
John 11:50 "Nor consider that it is expedient for us, that one man should die for the people, and that the whole nation perish not."
2 Samuel 21:11 "And it was told David what Rizpah the daughter of Aiah, the concubine of Saul, had done."
Proverbs 11:20 "They that are of a froward heart are abomination to the LORD: but such as are upright in their way are his delight."
Esther 1:21 "And the saying pleased the king and the princes; and the king did according to the word of Memucan:"
Deuteronomy 7:7 "The LORD did not set his love upon you, nor choose you, because ye were more in number than any people; for ye were the fewest of all people:"
Isaiah 50:6 "I gave my back to the smiters, and my cheeks to them that plucked off the hair: I hid not my face from shame and spitting."
Song of Solomon 5:8 "I charge you, O daughters of Jerusalem, if ye find my beloved, that ye tell him, that I am sick of love."
Joshua 3:9 "And Joshua said unto the children of Israel, Come hither, and hear the words of the LORD your God."
Judges 4:11 "Now Heber the Kenite, which was of the children of Hobab the father in law of Moses, had severed himself from the Kenites, and pitched his tent unto the plain of Zaanaim, which is by Kedesh."
Psalm 21:10 "Their fruit shalt thou destroy from the earth, and their seed from among the children of men."
Matthew 27:59 "And when Joseph had taken the body, he wrapped it in a clean linen cloth,"
Numbers 1:15 "Of Naphtali; Ahira the son of Enan."
Revelation 17:5 "And upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH."
Galatians 3:23 "But before faith came, we were kept under the law, shut up unto the faith which should afterwards be revealed."
2 Kings 18:31 "Hearken not to Hezekiah: for thus saith the king of Assyria, Make an agreement with me by a present, and come out to me, and then eat ye every man of his own vine, and every one of his fig tree, and drink ye every one the waters of his cistern:"
Jonah 4:2 "And he prayed unto the LORD, and said, I pray thee, O LORD, was not this my saying, when I was yet in my country? Therefore I fled before unto Tarshish: for I knew that thou art a gracious God, and merciful, slow to anger, and of great kindness, and repentest thee of the evil."
1 Samuel 2:5 "They that were full have hired out themselves for bread; and they that were hungry ceased: so that the barren hath born seven; and she that hath many children is waxed feeble."
Psalm 29:4 "The voice of the LORD is powerful; the voice of the LORD is full of majesty."
Jeremiah 32:42 "For thus saith the LORD; Like as I have brought all this great evil upon this people, so will I bring upon them all the good that I have promised them."
Leviticus 13:45 "And the leper in whom the plague is, his clothes shall be rent, and his head bare, and he shall put a covering upon his upper lip, and shall cry, Unclean, unclean."
Psalm 145:2 "Every day will I bless thee; and I will praise thy name for ever and ever."
Hebrews 5:13 "For every one that useth milk is unskilful in the word of righteousness: for he is a babe."
1 John 5:20 "And we know that the Son of God is come, and hath given us an understanding, that we may know him that is true, and we are in him that is true, even in his Son Jesus Christ. This is the true God, and eternal life."
1 Samuel 23:3 "And David's men said unto him, Behold, we be afraid here in Judah: how much more then if we come to Keilah against the armies of the Philistines?"
Ezekiel 20:29 "Then I said unto them, What is the high place whereunto ye go? And the name whereof is called Bamah unto this day."
Deuteronomy 25:3 "Forty stripes he may give him, and not exceed: lest, if he should exceed, and beat him above these with many stripes, then thy brother should seem vile unto thee."
Acts 22:9 "And they that were with me saw indeed the light, and were afraid; but they heard not the voice of him that spake to me."
Jeremiah 49:26 "Therefore her young men shall fall in her streets, and all the men of war shall be cut off in that day, saith the LORD of hosts."
Titus 3:5 "Not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according to his mercy he saved us, by the washing of regeneration, and renewing of the Holy Ghost;"
Judges 6:24 "Then Gideon built an altar there unto the LORD, and called it Jehovahshalom: unto this day it is yet in Ophrah of the Abiezrites."
Matthew 5:31 "It hath been said, Whosoever shall put away his wife, let him give her a writing of divorcement:"
Psalm 98:9 "Before the LORD; for he cometh to judge the earth: with righteousness shall he judge the world, and the people with equity."
Psalm 106:28 "They joined themselves also unto Baalpeor, and ate the sacrifices of the dead."
2 Samuel 12:18 "And it came to pass on the seventh day, that the child died. And the servants of David feared to tell him that the child was dead: for they said, Behold, while the child was yet alive, we spake unto him, and he would not hearken unto our voice: how will he then vex himself, if we tell him that the child is dead?"
Genesis 24:55 "And her brother and her mother said, Let the damsel abide with us a few days, at the least ten; after that she shall go."
1 Chronicles 7:22 "And Ephraim their father mourned many days, and his brethren came to comfort him."
Exodus 16:9 "And Moses spake unto Aaron, Say unto all the congregation of the children of Israel, Come near before the LORD: for he hath heard your murmurings."
Leviticus 27:20 "And if he will not redeem the field, or if he have sold the field to another man, it shall not be redeemed any more."
2 Corinthians 1:8 "For we would not, brethren, have you ignorant of our trouble which came to us in Asia, that we were pressed out of measure, above strength, insomuch that we despaired even of life:"
Genesis 33:14 "Let my lord, I pray thee, pass over before his servant: and I will lead on softly, according as the cattle that goeth before me and the children be able to endure, until I come unto my lord unto Seir."
Acts 16:18 "And this did she many days. But Paul, being grieved, turned and said to the spirit, I command thee in the name of Jesus Christ to come out of her. And he came out the same hour."
Isaiah 3:26 "And her gates shall lament and mourn; and she being desolate shall sit upon the ground."
John 8:46 "Which of you convinceth me of sin? And if I say the truth, why do ye not believe me?"
Psalm 119:106 "I have sworn, and I will perform it, that I will keep thy righteous judgments."
Acts 21:32 "Who immediately took soldiers and centurions, and ran down unto them: and when they saw the chief captain and the soldiers, they left beating of Paul."
Joshua 10:28 "And that day Joshua took Makkedah, and smote it with the edge of the sword, and the king thereof he utterly destroyed, them, and all the souls that were therein; he let none remain: and he did to the king of Makkedah as he did unto the king of Jericho."
Isaiah 36:6 "Lo, thou trustest in the staff of this broken reed, on Egypt; whereon if a man lean, it will go into his hand, and pierce it: so is Pharaoh king of Egypt to all that trust in him."
Mark 8:12 "And he sighed deeply in his spirit, and saith, Why doth this generation seek after a sign? verily I say unto you, There shall no sign be given unto this generation."
Ezra 2:46 "The children of Hagab, the children of Shalmai, the children of Hanan,"
Numbers 5:7 "Then they shall confess their sin which they have done: and he shall recompense his trespass with the principal thereof, and add unto it the fifth part thereof, and give it unto him against whom he hath trespassed."
Isaiah 5:27 "None shall be weary nor stumble among them; none shall slumber nor sleep; neither shall the girdle of their loins be loosed, nor the latchet of their shoes be broken:"
Jeremiah 14:9 "Why shouldest thou be as a man astonied, as a mighty man that cannot save? yet thou, O LORD, art in the midst of us, and we are called by thy name; leave us not."
John 6:36 "But I said unto you, That ye also have seen me, and believe not."
Isaiah 42:2 "He shall not cry, nor lift up, nor cause his voice to be heard in the street."
1 Kings 2:14 "He said moreover, I have somewhat to say unto thee. And she said, Say on."
Ecclesiastes 2:15 "Then said I in my heart, As it happeneth to the fool, so it happeneth even to me; and why was I then more wise? Then I said in my heart, that this also is vanity."
Ruth 3:1 "Then Naomi her mother in law said unto her, My daughter, shall I not seek rest for thee, that it may be well with thee?"
Micah 4:1 "But in the last days it shall come to pass, that the mountain of the house of the LORD shall be established in the top of the mountains, and it shall be exalted above the hills; and people shall flow unto it."
Jeremiah 34:22 "Behold, I will command, saith the LORD, and cause them to return to this city; and they shall fight against it, and take it, and burn it with fire: and I will make the cities of Judah a desolation without an inhabitant."
1 Kings 4:13 "The son of Geber, in Ramothgilead; to him pertained the towns of Jair the son of Manasseh, which are in Gilead; to him also pertained the region of Argob, which is in Bashan, threescore great cities with walls and brazen bars:"
Amos 8:13 "In that day shall the fair virgins and young men faint for thirst."
Hebrews 7:9 "And as I may so say, Levi also, who receiveth tithes, payed tithes in Abraham."
Jeremiah 35:2 "Go unto the house of the Rechabites, and speak unto them, and bring them into the house of the LORD, into one of the chambers, and give them wine to drink."
Psalm 78:41 "Yea, they turned back and tempted God, and limited the Holy One of Israel."
2 Kings 18:11 "And the king of Assyria did carry away Israel unto Assyria, and put them in Halah and in Habor by the river of Gozan, and in the cities of the Medes:"
Isaiah 11:16 "And there shall be an highway for the remnant of his people, which shall be left, from Assyria; like as it was to Israel in the day that he came up out of the land of Egypt."
Numbers 13:24 "The place was called the brook Eshcol, because of the cluster of grapes which the children of Israel cut down from thence."
Psalm 119:16 "I will delight myself in thy statutes: I will not forget thy word."
Ezekiel 41:21 "The posts of the temple were squared, and the face of the sanctuary; the appearance of the one as the appearance of the other."
Hebrews 10:22 "Let us draw near with a true heart in full assurance of faith, having our hearts sprinkled from an evil conscience, and our bodies washed with pure water."
2 Timothy 3:15 "And that from a child thou hast known the holy scriptures, which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus."
2 Samuel 15:15 "And the king's servants said unto the king, Behold, thy servants are ready to do whatsoever my lord the king shall appoint."
Psalm 78:47 "He destroyed their vines with hail, and their sycomore trees with frost."
John 18:39 "But ye have a custom, that I should release unto you one at the passover: will ye therefore that I release unto you the King of the Jews?"
Proverbs 13:21 "Evil pursueth sinners: but to the righteous good shall be repayed."
Isaiah 56:8 "The Lord GOD, which gathereth the outcasts of Israel saith, Yet will I gather others to him, beside those that are gathered unto him."
2 Samuel 20:10 "But Amasa took no heed to the sword that was in Joab's hand: so he smote him therewith in the fifth rib, and shed out his bowels to the ground, and struck him not again; and he died. So Joab and Abishai his brother pursued after Sheba the son of Bichri."
Hosea 10:12 "Sow to yourselves in righteousness, reap in mercy; break up your fallow ground: for it is time to seek the LORD, till he come and rain righteousness upon you."
Ezekiel 11:7 "Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Your slain whom ye have laid in the midst of it, they are the flesh, and this city is the caldron: but I will bring you forth out of the midst of it."
Job 24:18 "He is swift as the waters; their portion is cursed in the earth: he beholdeth not the way of the vineyards."
Isaiah 5:13 "Therefore my people are gone into captivity, because they have no knowledge: and their honourable men are famished, and their multitude dried up with thirst."
Acts 6:7 "And the word of God increased; and the number of the disciples multiplied in Jerusalem greatly; and a great company of the priests were obedient to the faith."
Psalm 24:1 "The earth is the LORD's, and the fulness thereof; the world, and they that dwell therein."
Psalm 119:44 "So shall I keep thy law continually for ever and ever."
Luke 5:28 "And he left all, rose up, and followed him."
Genesis 11:6 "And the LORD said, Behold, the people is one, and they have all one language; and this they begin to do: and now nothing will be restrained from them, which they have imagined to do."
Psalm 107:30 "Then are they glad because they be quiet; so he bringeth them unto their desired haven."
2 Samuel 11:20 "And if so be that the king's wrath arise, and he say unto thee, Wherefore approached ye so nigh unto the city when ye did fight? knew ye not that they would shoot from the wall?"
1 Corinthians 11:7 "For a man indeed ought not to cover his head, forasmuch as he is the image and glory of God: but the woman is the glory of the man."
Luke 1:32 "He shall be great, and shall be called the Son of the Highest: and the Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David:"
Isaiah 25:5 "Thou shalt bring down the noise of strangers, as the heat in a dry place; even the heat with the shadow of a cloud: the branch of the terrible ones shall be brought low."
1 Chronicles 7:21 "And Zabad his son, and Shuthelah his son, and Ezer, and Elead, whom the men of Gath that were born in that land slew, because they came down to take away their cattle."
Isaiah 31:2 "Yet he also is wise, and will bring evil, and will not call back his words: but will arise against the house of the evildoers, and against the help of them that work iniquity."
Ezekiel 9:3 "And the glory of the God of Israel was gone up from the cherub, whereupon he was, to the threshold of the house. And he called to the man clothed with linen, which had the writer's inkhorn by his side;"
Jeremiah 31:5 "Thou shalt yet plant vines upon the mountains of Samaria: the planters shall plant, and shall eat them as common things."
Proverbs 7:23 "Till a dart strike through his liver; as a bird hasteth to the snare, and knoweth not that it is for his life."
Mark 7:5 "Then the Pharisees and scribes asked him, Why walk not thy disciples according to the tradition of the elders, but eat bread with unwashen hands?"
Numbers 23:1 "And Balaam said unto Balak, Build me here seven altars, and prepare me here seven oxen and seven rams."
Exodus 30:38 "Whosoever shall make like unto that, to smell thereto, shall even be cut off from his people."
Job 17:14 "I have said to corruption, Thou art my father: to the worm, Thou art my mother, and my sister."
Ezekiel 13:3 "Thus saith the Lord GOD; Woe unto the foolish prophets, that follow their own spirit, and have seen nothing!"
1 Kings 7:41 "The two pillars, and the two bowls of the chapiters that were on the top of the two pillars; and the two networks, to cover the two bowls of the chapiters which were upon the top of the pillars;"
Mark 6:49 "But when they saw him walking upon the sea, they supposed it had been a spirit, and cried out:"
Genesis 16:11 "And the angel of the LORD said unto her, Behold, thou art with child and shalt bear a son, and shalt call his name Ishmael; because the LORD hath heard thy affliction."
Leviticus 9:9 "And the sons of Aaron brought the blood unto him: and he dipped his finger in the blood, and put it upon the horns of the altar, and poured out the blood at the bottom of the altar:"
2 Samuel 1:8 "And he said unto me, Who art thou? And I answered him, I am an Amalekite."
Acts 3:18 "But those things, which God before had shewed by the mouth of all his prophets, that Christ should suffer, he hath so fulfilled."
Romans 8:28 "And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose."
Daniel 12:4 "But thou, O Daniel, shut up the words, and seal the book, even to the time of the end: many shall run to and fro, and knowledge shall be increased."
2 Chronicles 28:18 "The Philistines also had invaded the cities of the low country, and of the south of Judah, and had taken Bethshemesh, and Ajalon, and Gederoth, and Shocho with the villages thereof, and Timnah with the villages thereof, Gimzo also and the villages thereof: and they dwelt there."
1 Chronicles 6:64 "And the children of Israel gave to the Levites these cities with their suburbs."
Psalm 77:4 "Thou holdest mine eyes waking: I am so troubled that I cannot speak."
Matthew 12:50 "For whosoever shall do the will of my Father which is in heaven, the same is my brother, and sister, and mother."
1 Samuel 13:3 "And Jonathan smote the garrison of the Philistines that was in Geba, and the Philistines heard of it. And Saul blew the trumpet throughout all the land, saying, Let the Hebrews hear."
Psalm 95:8 "Harden not your heart, as in the provocation, and as in the day of temptation in the wilderness:"
Ezekiel 35:4 "I will lay thy cities waste, and thou shalt be desolate, and thou shalt know that I am the LORD."
2 Samuel 1:10 "So I stood upon him, and slew him, because I was sure that he could not live after that he was fallen: and I took the crown that was upon his head, and the bracelet that was on his arm, and have brought them hither unto my lord."
Genesis 8:2 "The fountains also of the deep and the windows of heaven were stopped, and the rain from heaven was restrained;"
Deuteronomy 11:15 "And I will send grass in thy fields for thy cattle, that thou mayest eat and be full."
2 Kings 14:11 "But Amaziah would not hear. Therefore Jehoash king of Israel went up; and he and Amaziah king of Judah looked one another in the face at Bethshemesh, which belongeth to Judah."
Ezekiel 27:15 "The men of Dedan were thy merchants; many isles were the merchandise of thine hand: they brought thee for a present horns of ivory and ebony."
Isaiah 57:5 "Enflaming yourselves with idols under every green tree, slaying the children in the valleys under the clifts of the rocks?"
Numbers 16:17 "And take every man his censer, and put incense in them, and bring ye before the LORD every man his censer, two hundred and fifty censers; thou also, and Aaron, each of you his censer."
Psalm 89:33 "Nevertheless my lovingkindness will I not utterly take from him, nor suffer my faithfulness to fail."
1 John 2:16 "For all that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, and the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life, is not of the Father, but is of the world."
Psalm 7:10 "My defence is of God, which saveth the upright in heart."
John 6:59 "These things said he in the synagogue, as he taught in Capernaum."
Daniel 1:19 "And the king communed with them; and among them all was found none like Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah: therefore stood they before the king."
Exodus 12:49 "One law shall be to him that is homeborn, and unto the stranger that sojourneth among you."
Job 20:29 "This is the portion of a wicked man from God, and the heritage appointed unto him by God."
Psalm 77:17 "The clouds poured out water: the skies sent out a sound: thine arrows also went abroad."
2 Kings 14:7 "He slew of Edom in the valley of salt ten thousand, and took Selah by war, and called the name of it Joktheel unto this day."
Numbers 29:14 "And their meat offering shall be of flour mingled with oil, three tenth deals unto every bullock of the thirteen bullocks, two tenth deals to each ram of the two rams,"
Acts 4:31 "And when they had prayed, the place was shaken where they were assembled together; and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and they spake the word of God with boldness."
2 Kings 6:28 "And the king said unto her, What aileth thee? And she answered, This woman said unto me, Give thy son, that we may eat him to day, and we will eat my son to morrow."
2 Peter 2:13 "And shall receive the reward of unrighteousness, as they that count it pleasure to riot in the day time. Spots they are and blemishes, sporting themselves with their own deceivings while they feast with you;"
Nahum 1:12 "Thus saith the LORD; Though they be quiet, and likewise many, yet thus shall they be cut down, when he shall pass through. Though I have afflicted thee, I will afflict thee no more."
Genesis 6:1 "And it came to pass, when men began to multiply on the face of the earth, and daughters were born unto them,"
Esther 6:1 "On that night could not the king sleep, and he commanded to bring the book of records of the chronicles; and they were read before the king."
Psalm 121:4 "Behold, he that keepeth Israel shall neither slumber nor sleep."
2 Samuel 18:28 "And Ahimaaz called, and said unto the king, All is well. And he fell down to the earth upon his face before the king, and said, Blessed be the LORD thy God, which hath delivered up the men that lifted up their hand against my lord the king."
1 Samuel 23:8 "And Saul called all the people together to war, to go down to Keilah, to besiege David and his men."
Proverbs 28:20 "A faithful man shall abound with blessings: but he that maketh haste to be rich shall not be innocent."
Deuteronomy 11:14 "That I will give you the rain of your land in his due season, the first rain and the latter rain, that thou mayest gather in thy corn, and thy wine, and thine oil."
Ephesians 6:22 "Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose, that ye might know our affairs, and that he might comfort your hearts."
Amos 2:15 "Neither shall he stand that handleth the bow; and he that is swift of foot shall not deliver himself: neither shall he that rideth the horse deliver himself."
Numbers 22:11 "Behold, there is a people come out of Egypt, which covereth the face of the earth: come now, curse me them; peradventure I shall be able to overcome them, and drive them out."
2 Kings 17:26 "Wherefore they spake to the king of Assyria, saying, The nations which thou hast removed, and placed in the cities of Samaria, know not the manner of the God of the land: therefore he hath sent lions among them, and, behold, they slay them, because they know not the manner of the God of the land."
2 Peter 2:10 "But chiefly them that walk after the flesh in the lust of uncleanness, and despise government. Presumptuous are they, selfwilled, they are not afraid to speak evil of dignities."
Job 6:1 "But Job answered and said,"
James 5:15 "And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up; and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him."
Genesis 50:21 "Now therefore fear ye not: I will nourish you, and your little ones. And he comforted them, and spake kindly unto them."
Daniel 8:22 "Now that being broken, whereas four stood up for it, four kingdoms shall stand up out of the nation, but not in his power."
1 Samuel 25:4 "And David heard in the wilderness that Nabal did shear his sheep."
Acts 15:36 "And some days after Paul said unto Barnabas, Let us go again and visit our brethren in every city where we have preached the word of the LORD, and see how they do."
Mark 4:11 "And he said unto them, Unto you it is given to know the mystery of the kingdom of God: but unto them that are without, all these things are done in parables:"
1 Kings 18:6 "So they divided the land between them to pass throughout it: Ahab went one way by himself, and Obadiah went another way by himself."
Luke 22:69 "Hereafter shall the Son of man sit on the right hand of the power of God."
Nehemiah 4:16 "And it came to pass from that time forth, that the half of my servants wrought in the work, and the other half of them held both the spears, the shields, and the bows, and the habergeons; and the rulers were behind all the house of Judah."
Numbers 14:27 "How long shall I bear with this evil congregation, which murmur against me? I have heard the murmurings of the children of Israel, which they murmur against me."
Malachi 4:5 "Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the LORD:"
Habakkuk 3:11 "The sun and moon stood still in their habitation: at the light of thine arrows they went, and at the shining of thy glittering spear."
1 Kings 12:31 "And he made an house of high places, and made priests of the lowest of the people, which were not of the sons of Levi."
Daniel 6:10 "Now when Daniel knew that the writing was signed, he went into his house; and his windows being open in his chamber toward Jerusalem, he kneeled upon his knees three times a day, and prayed, and gave thanks before his God, as he did aforetime."
Proverbs 23:33 "Thine eyes shall behold strange women, and thine heart shall utter perverse things."
Mark 9:32 "But they understood not that saying, and were afraid to ask him."
Ezekiel 8:13 "He said also unto me, Turn thee yet again, and thou shalt see greater abominations that they do."
John 7:15 "And the Jews marvelled, saying, How knoweth this man letters, having never learned?"
1 Kings 8:27 "But will God indeed dwell on the earth? behold, the heaven and heaven of heavens cannot contain thee; how much less this house that I have builded?"
2 Chronicles 21:6 "And he walked in the way of the kings of Israel, like as did the house of Ahab: for he had the daughter of Ahab to wife: and he wrought that which was evil in the eyes of the LORD."
2 Chronicles 34:32 "And he caused all that were present in Jerusalem and Benjamin to stand to it. And the inhabitants of Jerusalem did according to the covenant of God, the God of their fathers."
2 Chronicles 19:8 "Moreover in Jerusalem did Jehoshaphat set of the Levites, and of the priests, and of the chief of the fathers of Israel, for the judgment of the LORD, and for controversies, when they returned to Jerusalem."
Proverbs 6:21 "Bind them continually upon thine heart, and tie them about thy neck."
Matthew 15:21 "Then Jesus went thence, and departed into the coasts of Tyre and Sidon."
Leviticus 7:22 "And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,"
Mark 1:6 "And John was clothed with camel's hair, and with a girdle of a skin about his loins; and he did eat locusts and wild honey;"
Joshua 21:44 "And the LORD gave them rest round about, according to all that he sware unto their fathers: and there stood not a man of all their enemies before them; the LORD delivered all their enemies into their hand."
Genesis 7:3 "Of fowls also of the air by sevens, the male and the female; to keep seed alive upon the face of all the earth."
Genesis 8:22 "While the earth remaineth, seedtime and harvest, and cold and heat, and summer and winter, and day and night shall not cease."
Proverbs 2:10 "When wisdom entereth into thine heart, and knowledge is pleasant unto thy soul;"
Genesis 27:43 "Now therefore, my son, obey my voice; arise, flee thou to Laban my brother to Haran;"
Hebrews 11:39 "And these all, having obtained a good report through faith, received not the promise:"
Hebrews 7:3 "Without father, without mother, without descent, having neither beginning of days, nor end of life; but made like unto the Son of God; abideth a priest continually."
Acts 5:22 "But when the officers came, and found them not in the prison, they returned and told,"
1 Kings 10:9 "Blessed be the LORD thy God, which delighted in thee, to set thee on the throne of Israel: because the LORD loved Israel for ever, therefore made he thee king, to do judgment and justice."
1 Samuel 12:17 "Is it not wheat harvest to day? I will call unto the LORD, and he shall send thunder and rain; that ye may perceive and see that your wickedness is great, which ye have done in the sight of the LORD, in asking you a king."
Ezekiel 22:25 "There is a conspiracy of her prophets in the midst thereof, like a roaring lion ravening the prey; they have devoured souls; they have taken the treasure and precious things; they have made her many widows in the midst thereof."
Philippians 1:5 "For your fellowship in the gospel from the first day until now;"
1 Kings 22:15 "So he came to the king. And the king said unto him, Micaiah, shall we go against Ramothgilead to battle, or shall we forbear? And he answered him, Go, and prosper: for the LORD shall deliver it into the hand of the king."
2 Chronicles 6:9 "Notwithstanding thou shalt not build the house; but thy son which shall come forth out of thy loins, he shall build the house for my name."
Deuteronomy 17:1 "Thou shalt not sacrifice unto the LORD thy God any bullock, or sheep, wherein is blemish, or any evilfavouredness: for that is an abomination unto the LORD thy God."
Deuteronomy 12:5 "But unto the place which the LORD your God shall choose out of all your tribes to put his name there, even unto his habitation shall ye seek, and thither thou shalt come:"
Job 10:21 "Before I go whence I shall not return, even to the land of darkness and the shadow of death;"
Matthew 3:11 "I indeed baptize you with water unto repentance: but he that cometh after me is mightier than I, whose shoes I am not worthy to bear: he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost, and with fire:"
1 Corinthians 11:29 "For he that eateth and drinketh unworthily, eateth and drinketh damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body."
Job 39:25 "He saith among the trumpets, Ha, ha; and he smelleth the battle afar off, the thunder of the captains, and the shouting."
Genesis 47:25 "And they said, Thou hast saved our lives: let us find grace in the sight of my lord, and we will be Pharaoh's servants."
John 11:10 "But if a man walk in the night, he stumbleth, because there is no light in him."
Psalm 122:7 "Peace be within thy walls, and prosperity within thy palaces."
Psalm 20:4 "Grant thee according to thine own heart, and fulfil all thy counsel."
Jeremiah 6:22 "Thus saith the LORD, Behold, a people cometh from the north country, and a great nation shall be raised from the sides of the earth."
Ecclesiastes 8:16 "When I applied mine heart to know wisdom, and to see the business that is done upon the earth: (for also there is that neither day nor night seeth sleep with his eyes:)"
Nehemiah 9:25 "And they took strong cities, and a fat land, and possessed houses full of all goods, wells digged, vineyards, and oliveyards, and fruit trees in abundance: so they did eat, and were filled, and became fat, and delighted themselves in thy great goodness."
Job 29:9 "The princes refrained talking, and laid their hand on their mouth."
Luke 16:13 "No servant can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon."
Mark 10:12 "And if a woman shall put away her husband, and be married to another, she committeth adultery."
Isaiah 50:9 "Behold, the Lord GOD will help me; who is he that shall condemn me? lo, they all shall wax old as a garment; the moth shall eat them up."
Esther 1:2 "That in those days, when the king Ahasuerus sat on the throne of his kingdom, which was in Shushan the palace,"
2 Samuel 3:25 "Thou knowest Abner the son of Ner, that he came to deceive thee, and to know thy going out and thy coming in, and to know all that thou doest."
Joshua 6:23 "And the young men that were spies went in, and brought out Rahab, and her father, and her mother, and her brethren, and all that she had; and they brought out all her kindred, and left them without the camp of Israel."
Exodus 33:10 "And all the people saw the cloudy pillar stand at the tabernacle door: and all the people rose up and worshipped, every man in his tent door."
Hebrews 13:5 "Let your conversation be without covetousness; and be content with such things as ye have: for he hath said, I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee."
John 3:32 "And what he hath seen and heard, that he testifieth; and no man receiveth his testimony."
Ezekiel 48:14 "And they shall not sell of it, neither exchange, nor alienate the firstfruits of the land: for it is holy unto the LORD."
1 Chronicles 25:5 "All these were the sons of Heman the king's seer in the words of God, to lift up the horn. And God gave to Heman fourteen sons and three daughters."
Psalm 147:2 "The LORD doth build up Jerusalem: he gathereth together the outcasts of Israel."
Joel 3:9 "Proclaim ye this among the Gentiles; Prepare war, wake up the mighty men, let all the men of war draw near; let them come up:"
Exodus 28:16 "Foursquare it shall be being doubled; a span shall be the length thereof, and a span shall be the breadth thereof."
Jeremiah 19:6 "Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that this place shall no more be called Tophet, nor The valley of the son of Hinnom, but The valley of slaughter."
1 Corinthians 16:14 "Let all your things be done with charity."
1 Kings 18:11 "And now thou sayest, Go, tell thy lord, Behold, Elijah is here."
Acts 9:34 "And Peter said unto him, Aeneas, Jesus Christ maketh thee whole: arise, and make thy bed. And he arose immediately."
Jeremiah 13:10 "This evil people, which refuse to hear my words, which walk in the imagination of their heart, and walk after other gods, to serve them, and to worship them, shall even be as this girdle, which is good for nothing."
Jeremiah 5:8 "They were as fed horses in the morning: every one neighed after his neighbour's wife."
1 Kings 7:1 "But Solomon was building his own house thirteen years, and he finished all his house."
Matthew 20:8 "So when even was come, the lord of the vineyard saith unto his steward, Call the labourers, and give them their hire, beginning from the last unto the first."
1 Samuel 24:15 "The LORD therefore be judge, and judge between me and thee, and see, and plead my cause, and deliver me out of thine hand."
Proverbs 31:7 "Let him drink, and forget his poverty, and remember his misery no more."
Luke 15:12 "And the younger of them said to his father, Father, give me the portion of goods that falleth to me. And he divided unto them his living."
Judges 12:8 "And after him Ibzan of Bethlehem judged Israel."
1 Kings 11:41 "And the rest of the acts of Solomon, and all that he did, and his wisdom, are they not written in the book of the acts of Solomon?"
1 Chronicles 6:47 "The son of Mahli, the son of Mushi, the son of Merari, the son of Levi."
Exodus 4:26 "So he let him go: then she said, A bloody husband thou art, because of the circumcision."
Isaiah 40:22 "It is he that sitteth upon the circle of the earth, and the inhabitants thereof are as grasshoppers; that stretcheth out the heavens as a curtain, and spreadeth them out as a tent to dwell in:"
Joshua 7:11 "Israel hath sinned, and they have also transgressed my covenant which I commanded them: for they have even taken of the accursed thing, and have also stolen, and dissembled also, and they have put it even among their own stuff."
Psalm 15:4 "In whose eyes a vile person is contemned; but he honoureth them that fear the LORD. He that sweareth to his own hurt, and changeth not."
Philemon 1:14 "But without thy mind would I do nothing; that thy benefit should not be as it were of necessity, but willingly."
1 Kings 8:21 "And I have set there a place for the ark, wherein is the covenant of the LORD, which he made with our fathers, when he brought them out of the land of Egypt."
Exodus 30:26 "And thou shalt anoint the tabernacle of the congregation therewith, and the ark of the testimony,"
Numbers 33:17 "And they departed from Kibrothhattaavah, and encamped at Hazeroth."
Ezekiel 9:6 "Slay utterly old and young, both maids, and little children, and women: but come not near any man upon whom is the mark; and begin at my sanctuary. Then they began at the ancient men which were before the house."
Psalm 8:6 "Thou madest him to have dominion over the works of thy hands; thou hast put all things under his feet:"
Exodus 14:9 "But the Egyptians pursued after them, all the horses and chariots of Pharaoh, and his horsemen, and his army, and overtook them encamping by the sea, beside Pihahiroth, before Baalzephon."
Numbers 21:33 "And they turned and went up by the way of Bashan: and Og the king of Bashan went out against them, he, and all his people, to the battle at Edrei."
Judges 9:38 "Then said Zebul unto him, Where is now thy mouth, wherewith thou saidst, Who is Abimelech, that we should serve him? is not this the people that thou hast despised? go out, I pray now, and fight with them."
Ezekiel 26:9 "And he shall set engines of war against thy walls, and with his axes he shall break down thy towers."
Ezekiel 34:23 "And I will set up one shepherd over them, and he shall feed them, even my servant David; he shall feed them, and he shall be their shepherd."
Exodus 25:11 "And thou shalt overlay it with pure gold, within and without shalt thou overlay it, and shalt make upon it a crown of gold round about."
Romans 9:21 "Hath not the potter power over the clay, of the same lump to make one vessel unto honour, and another unto dishonour?"
1 Samuel 13:12 "Therefore said I, The Philistines will come down now upon me to Gilgal, and I have not made supplication unto the LORD: I forced myself therefore, and offered a burnt offering."
Numbers 23:15 "And he said unto Balak, Stand here by thy burnt offering, while I meet the LORD yonder."
1 Kings 17:7 "And it came to pass after a while, that the brook dried up, because there had been no rain in the land."
Ezekiel 16:4 "And as for thy nativity, in the day thou wast born thy navel was not cut, neither wast thou washed in water to supple thee; thou wast not salted at all, nor swaddled at all."
Acts 18:21 "But bade them farewell, saying, I must by all means keep this feast that cometh in Jerusalem: but I will return again unto you, if God will. And he sailed from Ephesus."
Leviticus 25:48 "After that he is sold he may be redeemed again; one of his brethren may redeem him:"
Job 35:1 "Elihu spake moreover, and said,"
Hebrews 4:16 "Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time of need."
Philippians 2:19 "But I trust in the Lord Jesus to send Timotheus shortly unto you, that I also may be of good comfort, when I know your state."
Luke 1:15 "For he shall be great in the sight of the Lord, and shall drink neither wine nor strong drink; and he shall be filled with the Holy Ghost, even from his mother's womb."
Romans 9:6 "Not as though the word of God hath taken none effect. For they are not all Israel, which are of Israel:"
2 Samuel 2:14 "And Abner said to Joab, Let the young men now arise, and play before us. And Joab said, Let them arise."
Matthew 5:47 "And if ye salute your brethren only, what do ye more than others? do not even the publicans so?"
Numbers 27:2 "And they stood before Moses, and before Eleazar the priest, and before the princes and all the congregation, by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, saying,"
Exodus 40:28 "And he set up the hanging at the door of the tabernacle."
Matthew 21:39 "And they caught him, and cast him out of the vineyard, and slew him."
Jeremiah 51:64 "And thou shalt say, Thus shall Babylon sink, and shall not rise from the evil that I will bring upon her: and they shall be weary. Thus far are the words of Jeremiah."
Exodus 15:22 "So Moses brought Israel from the Red sea, and they went out into the wilderness of Shur; and they went three days in the wilderness, and found no water."
2 Corinthians 9:9 "(As it is written, He hath dispersed abroad; he hath given to the poor: his righteousness remaineth for ever."
1 Kings 15:14 "But the high places were not removed: nevertheless Asa's heart was perfect with the LORD all his days."
Joshua 19:10 "And the third lot came up for the children of Zebulun according to their families: and the border of their inheritance was unto Sarid:"
Genesis 39:18 "And it came to pass, as I lifted up my voice and cried, that he left his garment with me, and fled out."
Genesis 7:18 "And the waters prevailed, and were increased greatly upon the earth; and the ark went upon the face of the waters."
Hebrews 2:1 "Therefore we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things which we have heard, lest at any time we should let them slip."
Psalm 22:28 "For the kingdom is the LORD's: and he is the governor among the nations."
Genesis 10:19 "And the border of the Canaanites was from Sidon, as thou comest to Gerar, unto Gaza; as thou goest, unto Sodom, and Gomorrah, and Admah, and Zeboim, even unto Lasha."
Judges 9:13 "And the vine said unto them, Should I leave my wine, which cheereth God and man, and go to be promoted over the trees?"
Proverbs 13:9 "The light of the righteous rejoiceth: but the lamp of the wicked shall be put out."
Leviticus 13:58 "And the garment, either warp, or woof, or whatsoever thing of skin it be, which thou shalt wash, if the plague be departed from them, then it shall be washed the second time, and shall be clean."
1 Samuel 18:20 "And Michal Saul's daughter loved David: and they told Saul, and the thing pleased him."
Genesis 13:7 "And there was a strife between the herdmen of Abram's cattle and the herdmen of Lot's cattle: and the Canaanite and the Perizzite dwelled then in the land."
Psalm 35:24 "Judge me, O LORD my God, according to thy righteousness; and let them not rejoice over me."
Exodus 37:25 "And he made the incense altar of shittim wood: the length of it was a cubit, and the breadth of it a cubit; it was foursquare; and two cubits was the height of it; the horns thereof were of the same."
Ezekiel 6:11 "Thus saith the Lord GOD; Smite with thine hand, and stamp with thy foot, and say, Alas for all the evil abominations of the house of Israel! for they shall fall by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence."
Exodus 22:14 "And if a man borrow ought of his neighbor, and it be hurt, or die, the owner thereof being not with it, he shall surely make it good."
Acts 28:18 "Who, when they had examined me, would have let me go, because there was no cause of death in me."
Joshua 9:21 "And the princes said unto them, Let them live; but let them be hewers of wood and drawers of water unto all the congregation; as the princes had promised them."
Revelation 20:7 "And when the thousand years are expired, Satan shall be loosed out of his prison,"
Ezekiel 1:8 "And they had the hands of a man under their wings on their four sides; and they four had their faces and their wings."
Acts 7:42 "Then God turned, and gave them up to worship the host of heaven; as it is written in the book of the prophets, O ye house of Israel, have ye offered to me slain beasts and sacrifices by the space of forty years in the wilderness?"
Mark 5:13 "And forthwith Jesus gave them leave. And the unclean spirits went out, and entered into the swine: and the herd ran violently down a steep place into the sea, (they were about two thousand;) and were choked in the sea."
2 Corinthians 1:24 "Not for that we have dominion over your faith, but are helpers of your joy: for by faith ye stand."
Romans 8:23 "And not only they, but ourselves also, which have the firstfruits of the Spirit, even we ourselves groan within ourselves, waiting for the adoption, to wit, the redemption of our body."
Ezekiel 41:23 "And the temple and the sanctuary had two doors."
1 Kings 16:20 "Now the rest of the acts of Zimri, and his treason that he wrought, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?"
Daniel 6:18 "Then the king went to his palace, and passed the night fasting: neither were instruments of musick brought before him: and his sleep went from him."
Jude 1:24 "Now unto him that is able to keep you from falling, and to present you faultless before the presence of his glory with exceeding joy,"
2 Kings 10:17 "And when he came to Samaria, he slew all that remained unto Ahab in Samaria, till he had destroyed him, according to the saying of the LORD, which he spake to Elijah."
Numbers 11:8 "And the people went about, and gathered it, and ground it in mills, or beat it in a mortar, and baked it in pans, and made cakes of it: and the taste of it was as the taste of fresh oil."
Colossians 2:23 "Which things have indeed a shew of wisdom in will worship, and humility, and neglecting of the body: not in any honour to the satisfying of the flesh."
Psalm 119:79 "Let those that fear thee turn unto me, and those that have known thy testimonies."
John 8:36 "If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed."
1 Kings 16:21 "Then were the people of Israel divided into two parts: half of the people followed Tibni the son of Ginath, to make him king; and half followed Omri."
Leviticus 25:26 "And if the man have none to redeem it, and himself be able to redeem it;"
2 Samuel 20:12 "And Amasa wallowed in blood in the midst of the highway. And when the man saw that all the people stood still, he removed Amasa out of the highway into the field, and cast a cloth upon him, when he saw that every one that came by him stood still."
Ezra 2:43 "The Nethinims: the children of Ziha, the children of Hasupha, the children of Tabbaoth,"
Jeremiah 46:4 "Harness the horses; and get up, ye horsemen, and stand forth with your helmets; furbish the spears, and put on the brigandines."
Matthew 6:14 "For if ye forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you:"
Matthew 13:53 "And it came to pass, that when Jesus had finished these parables, he departed thence."
Daniel 2:16 "Then Daniel went in, and desired of the king that he would give him time, and that he would shew the king the interpretation."
Zephaniah 1:8 "And it shall come to pass in the day of the LORD's sacrifice, that I will punish the princes, and the king's children, and all such as are clothed with strange apparel."
Exodus 13:5 "And it shall be when the LORD shall bring thee into the land of the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, which he sware unto thy fathers to give thee, a land flowing with milk and honey, that thou shalt keep this service in this month."
Psalm 94:19 "In the multitude of my thoughts within me thy comforts delight my soul."
Deuteronomy 2:3 "Ye have compassed this mountain long enough: turn you northward."
Exodus 29:10 "And thou shalt cause a bullock to be brought before the tabernacle of the congregation: and Aaron and his sons shall put their hands upon the head of the bullock."
Acts 21:9 "And the same man had four daughters, virgins, which did prophesy."
Jeremiah 9:7 "Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts, Behold, I will melt them, and try them; for how shall I do for the daughter of my people?"
John 13:9 "Simon Peter saith unto him, Lord, not my feet only, but also my hands and my head."
2 Kings 5:5 "And the king of Syria said, Go to, go, and I will send a letter unto the king of Israel. And he departed, and took with him ten talents of silver, and six thousand pieces of gold, and ten changes of raiment."
Psalm 13:5 "But I have trusted in thy mercy; my heart shall rejoice in thy salvation."
2 Samuel 2:22 "And Abner said again to Asahel, Turn thee aside from following me: wherefore should I smite thee to the ground? how then should I hold up my face to Joab thy brother?"
Mark 4:34 "But without a parable spake he not unto them: and when they were alone, he expounded all things to his disciples."
Deuteronomy 15:17 "Then thou shalt take an awl, and thrust it through his ear unto the door, and he shall be thy servant for ever. And also unto thy maidservant thou shalt do likewise."
2 Kings 5:11 "But Naaman was wroth, and went away, and said, Behold, I thought, He will surely come out to me, and stand, and call on the name of the LORD his God, and strike his hand over the place, and recover the leper."
Isaiah 29:8 "It shall even be as when an hungry man dreameth, and, behold, he eateth; but he awaketh, and his soul is empty: or as when a thirsty man dreameth, and, behold, he drinketh; but he awaketh, and, behold, he is faint, and his soul hath appetite: so shall the multitude of all the nations be, that fight against mount Zion."
Jeremiah 50:45 "Therefore hear ye the counsel of the LORD, that he hath taken against Babylon; and his purposes, that he hath purposed against the land of the Chaldeans: Surely the least of the flock shall draw them out: surely he shall make their habitation desolate with them."
Jeremiah 6:4 "Prepare ye war against her; arise, and let us go up at noon. Woe unto us! for the day goeth away, for the shadows of the evening are stretched out."
Matthew 27:65 "Pilate said unto them, Ye have a watch: go your way, make it as sure as ye can."
1 Kings 14:11 "Him that dieth of Jeroboam in the city shall the dogs eat; and him that dieth in the field shall the fowls of the air eat: for the LORD hath spoken it."
Deuteronomy 11:26 "Behold, I set before you this day a blessing and a curse;"
Hosea 13:7 "Therefore I will be unto them as a lion: as a leopard by the way will I observe them:"
Isaiah 30:15 "For thus saith the Lord GOD, the Holy One of Israel; In returning and rest shall ye be saved; in quietness and in confidence shall be your strength: and ye would not."
Numbers 7:50 "One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:"
Luke 22:19 "And he took bread, and gave thanks, and brake it, and gave unto them, saying, This is my body which is given for you: this do in remembrance of me."
Ezekiel 20:16 "Because they despised my judgments, and walked not in my statutes, but polluted my sabbaths: for their heart went after their idols."
Lamentations 5:18 "Because of the mountain of Zion, which is desolate, the foxes walk upon it."
2 Chronicles 31:15 "And next him were Eden, and Miniamin, and Jeshua, and Shemaiah, Amariah, and Shecaniah, in the cities of the priests, in their set office, to give to their brethren by courses, as well to the great as to the small:"
Acts 27:44 "And the rest, some on boards, and some on broken pieces of the ship. And so it came to pass, that they escaped all safe to land."
Isaiah 29:1 "Woe to Ariel, to Ariel, the city where David dwelt! add ye year to year; let them kill sacrifices."
Luke 1:45 "And blessed is she that believed: for there shall be a performance of those things which were told her from the Lord."
Psalm 33:6 "By the word of the LORD were the heavens made; and all the host of them by the breath of his mouth."
John 20:19 "Then the same day at evening, being the first day of the week, when the doors were shut where the disciples were assembled for fear of the Jews, came Jesus and stood in the midst, and saith unto them, Peace be unto you."
Matthew 18:13 "And if so be that he find it, verily I say unto you, he rejoiceth more of that sheep, than of the ninety and nine which went not astray."
1 Peter 1:14 "As obedient children, not fashioning yourselves according to the former lusts in your ignorance:"
Genesis 5:4 "And the days of Adam after he had begotten Seth were eight hundred years: and he begat sons and daughters:"
Job 12:1 "And Job answered and said,"
Psalm 1:6 "For the LORD knoweth the way of the righteous: but the way of the ungodly shall perish."
2 Chronicles 13:20 "Neither did Jeroboam recover strength again in the days of Abijah: and the LORD struck him, and he died."
1 Samuel 3:8 "And the LORD called Samuel again the third time. And he arose and went to Eli, and said, Here am I; for thou didst call me. And Eli perceived that the LORD had called the child."
Ecclesiastes 5:7 "For in the multitude of dreams and many words there are also divers vanities: but fear thou God."
Jeremiah 9:9 "Shall I not visit them for these things? saith the LORD: shall not my soul be avenged on such a nation as this?"
Genesis 47:12 "And Joseph nourished his father, and his brethren, and all his father's household, with bread, according to their families."
Zechariah 8:15 "So again have I thought in these days to do well unto Jerusalem and to the house of Judah: fear ye not."
Leviticus 13:56 "And if the priest look, and, behold, the plague be somewhat dark after the washing of it; then he shall rend it out of the garment, or out of the skin, or out of the warp, or out of the woof:"
Joshua 21:11 "And they gave them the city of Arba the father of Anak, which city is Hebron, in the hill country of Judah, with the suburbs thereof round about it."
2 Samuel 24:8 "So when they had gone through all the land, they came to Jerusalem at the end of nine months and twenty days."
Psalm 138:6 "Though the LORD be high, yet hath he respect unto the lowly: but the proud he knoweth afar off."
Jeremiah 32:19 "Great in counsel, and mighty in work: for thine eyes are open upon all the ways of the sons of men: to give every one according to his ways, and according to the fruit of his doings:"
Isaiah 38:22 "Hezekiah also had said, What is the sign that I shall go up to the house of the LORD?"
Hosea 5:4 "They will not frame their doings to turn unto their God: for the spirit of whoredoms is in the midst of them, and they have not known the LORD."
2 Samuel 20:13 "When he was removed out of the highway, all the people went on after Joab, to pursue after Sheba the son of Bichri."
Matthew 22:23 "The same day came to him the Sadducees, which say that there is no resurrection, and asked him,"
Ezekiel 17:16 "As I live, saith the Lord GOD, surely in the place where the king dwelleth that made him king, whose oath he despised, and whose covenant he brake, even with him in the midst of Babylon he shall die."
John 16:4 "But these things have I told you, that when the time shall come, ye may remember that I told you of them. And these things I said not unto you at the beginning, because I was with you."
Psalm 129:7 "Wherewith the mower filleth not his hand; nor he that bindeth sheaves his bosom."
Leviticus 13:39 "Then the priest shall look: and, behold, if the bright spots in the skin of their flesh be darkish white; it is a freckled spot that groweth in the skin; he is clean."
2 Kings 5:2 "And the Syrians had gone out by companies, and had brought away captive out of the land of Israel a little maid; and she waited on Naaman's wife."
Psalm 56:11 "In God have I put my trust: I will not be afraid what man can do unto me."
Psalm 4:1 "Hear me when I call, O God of my righteousness: thou hast enlarged me when I was in distress; have mercy upon me, and hear my prayer."
Deuteronomy 2:18 "Thou art to pass over through Ar, the coast of Moab, this day:"
1 Samuel 17:14 "And David was the youngest: and the three eldest followed Saul."
Isaiah 17:7 "At that day shall a man look to his Maker, and his eyes shall have respect to the Holy One of Israel."
Lamentations 3:3 "Surely against me is he turned; he turneth his hand against me all the day."
Zechariah 8:9 "Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Let your hands be strong, ye that hear in these days these words by the mouth of the prophets, which were in the day that the foundation of the house of the LORD of hosts was laid, that the temple might be built."
Matthew 25:46 "And these shall go away into everlasting punishment: but the righteous into life eternal."
Deuteronomy 18:15 "The LORD thy God will raise up unto thee a Prophet from the midst of thee, of thy brethren, like unto me; unto him ye shall hearken;"
Proverbs 24:8 "He that deviseth to do evil shall be called a mischievous person."
Mark 6:1 "And he went out from thence, and came into his own country; and his disciples follow him."
Proverbs 24:6 "For by wise counsel thou shalt make thy war: and in multitude of counsellors there is safety."
James 4:12 "There is one lawgiver, who is able to save and to destroy: who art thou that judgest another?"
Proverbs 31:29 "Many daughters have done virtuously, but thou excellest them all."
1 Samuel 17:34 "And David said unto Saul, Thy servant kept his father's sheep, and there came a lion, and a bear, and took a lamb out of the flock:"
Psalm 68:30 "Rebuke the company of spearmen, the multitude of the bulls, with the calves of the people, till every one submit himself with pieces of silver: scatter thou the people that delight in war."
Psalm 112:9 "He hath dispersed, he hath given to the poor; his righteousness endureth for ever; his horn shall be exalted with honour."
Genesis 24:67 "And Isaac brought her into his mother Sarah's tent, and took Rebekah, and she became his wife; and he loved her: and Isaac was comforted after his mother's death."
Ezekiel 33:33 "And when this cometh to pass, (lo, it will come,) then shall they know that a prophet hath been among them."
Lamentations 4:10 "The hands of the pitiful women have sodden their own children: they were their meat in the destruction of the daughter of my people."
Judges 20:18 "And the children of Israel arose, and went up to the house of God, and asked counsel of God, and said, Which of us shall go up first to the battle against the children of Benjamin? And the LORD said, Judah shall go up first."
Ezra 4:20 "There have been mighty kings also over Jerusalem, which have ruled over all countries beyond the river; and toll, tribute, and custom, was paid unto them."
Numbers 1:49 "Only thou shalt not number the tribe of Levi, neither take the sum of them among the children of Israel:"
Jeremiah 36:17 "And they asked Baruch, saying, Tell us now, How didst thou write all these words at his mouth?"
Isaiah 4:5 "And the LORD will create upon every dwelling place of mount Zion, and upon her assemblies, a cloud and smoke by day, and the shining of a flaming fire by night: for upon all the glory shall be a defence."
Psalm 109:20 "Let this be the reward of mine adversaries from the LORD, and of them that speak evil against my soul."
2 Samuel 19:28 "For all of my father's house were but dead men before my lord the king: yet didst thou set thy servant among them that did eat at thine own table. What right therefore have I yet to cry any more unto the king?"
Acts 2:18 "And on my servants and on my handmaidens I will pour out in those days of my Spirit; and they shall prophesy:"
Proverbs 26:4 "Answer not a fool according to his folly, lest thou also be like unto him."
Zechariah 6:15 "And they that are far off shall come and build in the temple of the LORD, and ye shall know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me unto you. And this shall come to pass, if ye will diligently obey the voice of the LORD your God."
Acts 17:5 "But the Jews which believed not, moved with envy, took unto them certain lewd fellows of the baser sort, and gathered a company, and set all the city on an uproar, and assaulted the house of Jason, and sought to bring them out to the people."
Exodus 28:11 "With the work of an engraver in stone, like the engravings of a signet, shalt thou engrave the two stones with the names of the children of Israel: thou shalt make them to be set in ouches of gold."
Deuteronomy 28:68 "And the LORD shall bring thee into Egypt again with ships, by the way whereof I spake unto thee, Thou shalt see it no more again: and there ye shall be sold unto your enemies for bondmen and bondwomen, and no man shall buy you."
Leviticus 4:5 "And the priest that is anointed shall take of the bullock's blood, and bring it to the tabernacle of the congregation:"
Revelation 16:9 "And men were scorched with great heat, and blasphemed the name of God, which hath power over these plagues: and they repented not to give him glory."
1 Chronicles 23:8 "The sons of Laadan; the chief was Jehiel, and Zetham, and Joel, three."
1 Samuel 17:19 "Now Saul, and they, and all the men of Israel, were in the valley of Elah, fighting with the Philistines."
Daniel 11:19 "Then he shall turn his face toward the fort of his own land: but he shall stumble and fall, and not be found."
Psalm 57:10 "For thy mercy is great unto the heavens, and thy truth unto the clouds."
Romans 1:9 "For God is my witness, whom I serve with my spirit in the gospel of his Son, that without ceasing I make mention of you always in my prayers;"
1 Chronicles 27:22 "Of Dan, Azareel the son of Jeroham. These were the princes of the tribes of Israel."
Isaiah 48:4 "Because I knew that thou art obstinate, and thy neck is an iron sinew, and thy brow brass;"
Psalm 102:2 "Hide not thy face from me in the day when I am in trouble; incline thine ear unto me: in the day when I call answer me speedily."
Deuteronomy 9:25 "Thus I fell down before the LORD forty days and forty nights, as I fell down at the first; because the LORD had said he would destroy you."
2 Kings 6:18 "And when they came down to him, Elisha prayed unto the LORD, and said, Smite this people, I pray thee, with blindness. And he smote them with blindness according to the word of Elisha."
Joshua 15:2 "And their south border was from the shore of the salt sea, from the bay that looketh southward:"
Isaiah 65:3 "A people that provoketh me to anger continually to my face; that sacrificeth in gardens, and burneth incense upon altars of brick;"
Deuteronomy 5:5 "(I stood between the LORD and you at that time, to show you the word of the LORD: for ye were afraid by reason of the fire, and went not up into the mount;) saying,"
Genesis 26:7 "And the men of the place asked him of his wife; and he said, She is my sister: for he feared to say, She is my wife; lest, said he, the men of the place should kill me for Rebekah; because she was fair to look upon."
John 7:2 "Now the Jew's feast of tabernacles was at hand."
Ezekiel 25:3 "And say unto the Ammonites, Hear the word of the Lord GOD; Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thou saidst, Aha, against my sanctuary, when it was profaned; and against the land of Israel, when it was desolate; and against the house of Judah, when they went into captivity;"
Ezra 3:2 "Then stood up Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and his brethren the priests, and Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and his brethren, and builded the altar of the God of Israel, to offer burnt offerings thereon, as it is written in the law of Moses the man of God."
Psalm 119:133 "Order my steps in thy word: and let not any iniquity have dominion over me."
Isaiah 3:21 "The rings, and nose jewels,"
Job 7:18 "And that thou shouldest visit him every morning, and try him every moment?"
Joshua 19:13 "And from thence passeth on along on the east to Gittahhepher, to Ittahkazin, and goeth out to Remmonmethoar to Neah;"
2 Chronicles 32:31 "Howbeit in the business of the ambassadors of the princes of Babylon, who sent unto him to enquire of the wonder that was done in the land, God left him, to try him, that he might know all that was in his heart."
Psalm 36:9 "For with thee is the fountain of life: in thy light shall we see light."
Genesis 19:25 "And he overthrew those cities, and all the plain, and all the inhabitants of the cities, and that which grew upon the ground."
Genesis 2:7 "And the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul."
1 Kings 20:13 "And, behold, there came a prophet unto Ahab king of Israel, saying, Thus saith the LORD, Hast thou seen all this great multitude? behold, I will deliver it into thine hand this day; and thou shalt know that I am the LORD."
John 17:7 "Now they have known that all things whatsoever thou hast given me are of thee."
Acts 25:2 "Then the high priest and the chief of the Jews informed him against Paul, and besought him,"
Galatians 5:23 "Meekness, temperance: against such there is no law."
Exodus 31:2 "See, I have called by name Bezaleel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah:"
Ezekiel 40:21 "And the little chambers thereof were three on this side and three on that side; and the posts thereof and the arches thereof were after the measure of the first gate: the length thereof was fifty cubits, and the breadth five and twenty cubits."
1 Samuel 6:5 "Wherefore ye shall make images of your emerods, and images of your mice that mar the land; and ye shall give glory unto the God of Israel: peradventure he will lighten his hand from off you, and from off your gods, and from off your land."
Ezekiel 45:17 "And it shall be the prince's part to give burnt offerings, and meat offerings, and drink offerings, in the feasts, and in the new moons, and in the sabbaths, in all solemnities of the house of Israel: he shall prepare the sin offering, and the meat offering, and the burnt offering, and the peace offerings, to make reconciliation for the house of Israel."
Nehemiah 3:24 "After him repaired Binnui the son of Henadad another piece, from the house of Azariah unto the turning of the wall, even unto the corner."
1 Corinthians 14:31 "For ye may all prophesy one by one, that all may learn, and all may be comforted."
Ezekiel 47:11 "But the miry places thereof and the marishes thereof shall not be healed; they shall be given to salt."
Ezekiel 48:19 "And they that serve the city shall serve it out of all the tribes of Israel."
Matthew 11:26 "Even so, Father: for so it seemed good in thy sight."
Genesis 49:29 "And he charged them, and said unto them, I am to be gathered unto my people: bury me with my fathers in the cave that is in the field of Ephron the Hittite,"
Psalm 34:18 "The LORD is nigh unto them that are of a broken heart; and saveth such as be of a contrite spirit."
2 Kings 1:5 "And when the messengers turned back unto him, he said unto them, Why are ye now turned back?"
Acts 22:10 "And I said, What shall I do, LORD? And the Lord said unto me, Arise, and go into Damascus; and there it shall be told thee of all things which are appointed for thee to do."
Genesis 30:28 "And he said, Appoint me thy wages, and I will give it."
Mark 5:37 "And he suffered no man to follow him, save Peter, and James, and John the brother of James."
Jeremiah 23:39 "Therefore, behold, I, even I, will utterly forget you, and I will forsake you, and the city that I gave you and your fathers, and cast you out of my presence:"
1 Samuel 8:7 "And the LORD said unto Samuel, Hearken unto the voice of the people in all that they say unto thee: for they have not rejected thee, but they have rejected me, that I should not reign over them."
1 Peter 4:17 "For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God: and if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God?"
1 Chronicles 8:40 "And the sons of Ulam were mighty men of valor, archers, and had many sons, and sons' sons, an hundred and fifty. All these are of the sons of Benjamin."
Psalm 31:7 "I will be glad and rejoice in thy mercy: for thou hast considered my trouble; thou hast known my soul in adversities;"
Acts 4:15 "But when they had commanded them to go aside out of the council, they conferred among themselves,"
Genesis 41:42 "And Pharaoh took off his ring from his hand, and put it upon Joseph's hand, and arrayed him in vestures of fine linen, and put a gold chain about his neck;"
Psalm 42:4 "When I remember these things, I pour out my soul in me: for I had gone with the multitude, I went with them to the house of God, with the voice of joy and praise, with a multitude that kept holyday."
Ezekiel 10:22 "And the likeness of their faces was the same faces which I saw by the river of Chebar, their appearances and themselves: they went every one straight forward."
1 Samuel 3:16 "Then Eli called Samuel, and said, Samuel, my son. And he answered, Here am I."
Numbers 7:30 "On the fourth day Elizur the son of Shedeur, prince of the children of Reuben, did offer:"
Isaiah 33:12 "And the people shall be as the burnings of lime: as thorns cut up shall they be burned in the fire."
Jeremiah 2:31 "O generation, see ye the word of the LORD. Have I been a wilderness unto Israel? a land of darkness? wherefore say my people, We are lords; we will come no more unto thee?"
Jeremiah 21:7 "And afterward, saith the LORD, I will deliver Zedekiah king of Judah, and his servants, and the people, and such as are left in this city from the pestilence, from the sword, and from the famine, into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, and into the hand of their enemies, and into the hand of those that seek their life: and he shall smite them with the edge of the sword; he shall not spare them, neither have pity, nor have mercy."
Ezekiel 28:10 "Thou shalt die the deaths of the uncircumcised by the hand of strangers: for I have spoken it, saith the Lord GOD."
2 Samuel 2:12 "And Abner the son of Ner, and the servants of Ishbosheth the son of Saul, went out from Mahanaim to Gibeon."
Ezekiel 5:16 "When I shall send upon them the evil arrows of famine, which shall be for their destruction, and which I will send to destroy you: and I will increase the famine upon you, and will break your staff of bread:"
Genesis 36:1 "Now these are the generations of Esau, who is Edom."
1 Corinthians 14:2 "For he that speaketh in an unknown tongue speaketh not unto men, but unto God: for no man understandeth him; howbeit in the spirit he speaketh mysteries."
Exodus 16:7 "And in the morning, then ye shall see the glory of the LORD; for that he heareth your murmurings against the LORD: and what are we, that ye murmur against us?"
1 Kings 10:17 "And he made three hundred shields of beaten gold; three pound of gold went to one shield: and the king put them in the house of the forest of Lebanon."
Exodus 26:17 "Two tenons shall there be in one board, set in order one against another: thus shalt thou make for all the boards of the tabernacle."
Deuteronomy 31:29 "For I know that after my death ye will utterly corrupt yourselves, and turn aside from the way which I have commanded you; and evil will befall you in the latter days; because ye will do evil in the sight of the LORD, to provoke him to anger through the work of your hands."
1 Samuel 15:14 "And Samuel said, What meaneth then this bleating of the sheep in mine ears, and the lowing of the oxen which I hear?"
Revelation 16:15 "Behold, I come as a thief. Blessed is he that watcheth, and keepeth his garments, lest he walk naked, and they see his shame."
2 Kings 17:31 "And the Avites made Nibhaz and Tartak, and the Sepharvites burnt their children in fire to Adrammelech and Anammelech, the gods of Sepharvaim."
Numbers 6:24 "The LORD bless thee, and keep thee:"
Nahum 2:13 "Behold, I am against thee, saith the LORD of hosts, and I will burn her chariots in the smoke, and the sword shall devour thy young lions: and I will cut off thy prey from the earth, and the voice of thy messengers shall no more be heard."
Matthew 13:14 "And in them is fulfilled the prophecy of Esaias, which saith, By hearing ye shall hear, and shall not understand; and seeing ye shall see, and shall not perceive:"
Proverbs 31:5 "Lest they drink, and forget the law, and pervert the judgment of any of the afflicted."
Mark 4:4 "And it came to pass, as he sowed, some fell by the way side, and the fowls of the air came and devoured it up."
Revelation 2:15 "So hast thou also them that hold the doctrine of the Nicolaitanes, which thing I hate."
Job 19:10 "He hath destroyed me on every side, and I am gone: and mine hope hath he removed like a tree."
Leviticus 16:8 "And Aaron shall cast lots upon the two goats; one lot for the LORD, and the other lot for the scapegoat."
Numbers 13:31 "But the men that went up with him said, We be not able to go up against the people; for they are stronger than we."
Mark 7:14 "And when he had called all the people unto him, he said unto them, Hearken unto me every one of you, and understand:"
Judges 7:13 "And when Gideon was come, behold, there was a man that told a dream unto his fellow, and said, Behold, I dreamed a dream, and, lo, a cake of barley bread tumbled into the host of Midian, and came unto a tent, and smote it that it fell, and overturned it, that the tent lay along."
Ruth 3:11 "And now, my daughter, fear not; I will do to thee all that thou requirest: for all the city of my people doth know that thou art a virtuous woman."
Psalm 61:1 "Hear my cry, O God; attend unto my prayer."
Ezekiel 38:6 "Gomer, and all his bands; the house of Togarmah of the north quarters, and all his bands: and many people with thee."
Isaiah 41:26 "Who hath declared from the beginning, that we may know? and beforetime, that we may say, He is righteous? yea, there is none that sheweth, yea, there is none that declareth, yea, there is none that heareth your words."
Philippians 2:21 "For all seek their own, not the things which are Jesus Christ's."
Ezekiel 22:24 "Son of man, say unto her, Thou art the land that is not cleansed, nor rained upon in the day of indignation."
Isaiah 24:13 "When thus it shall be in the midst of the land among the people, there shall be as the shaking of an olive tree, and as the gleaning grapes when the vintage is done."
Acts 3:25 "Ye are the children of the prophets, and of the covenant which God made with our fathers, saying unto Abraham, And in thy seed shall all the kindreds of the earth be blessed."
Haggai 1:4 "Is it time for you, O ye, to dwell in your cieled houses, and this house lie waste?"
Judges 19:25 "But the men would not hearken to him: so the man took his concubine, and brought her forth unto them; and they knew her, and abused her all the night until the morning: and when the day began to spring, they let her go."
Exodus 2:10 "And the child grew, and she brought him unto Pharaoh's daughter, and he became her son. And she called his name Moses: and she said, Because I drew him out of the water."
2 Kings 5:25 "But he went in, and stood before his master. And Elisha said unto him, Whence comest thou, Gehazi? And he said, Thy servant went no whither."
Joshua 15:21 "And the uttermost cities of the tribe of the children of Judah toward the coast of Edom southward were Kabzeel, and Eder, and Jagur,"
Ezekiel 43:7 "And he said unto me, Son of man, the place of my throne, and the place of the soles of my feet, where I will dwell in the midst of the children of Israel for ever, and my holy name, shall the house of Israel no more defile, neither they, nor their kings, by their whoredom, nor by the carcases of their kings in their high places."
Malachi 3:7 "Even from the days of your fathers ye are gone away from mine ordinances, and have not kept them. Return unto me, and I will return unto you, saith the LORD of hosts. But ye said, Wherein shall we return?"
Ezekiel 36:31 "Then shall ye remember your own evil ways, and your doings that were not good, and shall lothe yourselves in your own sight for your iniquities and for your abominations."
2 Corinthians 12:15 "And I will very gladly spend and be spent for you; though the more abundantly I love you, the less I be loved."
Joel 2:30 "And I will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth, blood, and fire, and pillars of smoke."
Numbers 2:32 "These are those which were numbered of the children of Israel by the house of their fathers: all those that were numbered of the camps throughout their hosts were six hundred thousand and three thousand and five hundred and fifty."
Exodus 20:22 "And the LORD said unto Moses, Thus thou shalt say unto the children of Israel, Ye have seen that I have talked with you from heaven."
Numbers 21:34 "And the LORD said unto Moses, Fear him not: for I have delivered him into thy hand, and all his people, and his land; and thou shalt do to him as thou didst unto Sihon king of the Amorites, which dwelt at Heshbon."
Leviticus 19:13 "Thou shalt not defraud thy neighbor, neither rob him: the wages of him that is hired shall not abide with thee all night until the morning."
Ezekiel 3:12 "Then the spirit took me up, and I heard behind me a voice of a great rushing, saying, Blessed be the glory of the LORD from his place."
Ezekiel 10:19 "And the cherubims lifted up their wings, and mounted up from the earth in my sight: when they went out, the wheels also were beside them, and every one stood at the door of the east gate of the LORD's house; and the glory of the God of Israel was over them above."
Judges 20:27 "And the children of Israel inquired of the LORD, (for the ark of the covenant of God was there in those days,"
Psalm 46:6 "The heathen raged, the kingdoms were moved: he uttered his voice, the earth melted."
Zechariah 6:6 "The black horses which are therein go forth into the north country; and the white go forth after them; and the grisled go forth toward the south country."
Revelation 6:8 "And I looked, and behold a pale horse: and his name that sat on him was Death, and Hell followed with him. And power was given unto them over the fourth part of the earth, to kill with sword, and with hunger, and with death, and with the beasts of the earth."
Psalm 137:9 "Happy shall he be, that taketh and dasheth thy little ones against the stones."
Exodus 2:5 "And the daughter of Pharaoh came down to wash herself at the river; and her maidens walked along by the river's side; and when she saw the ark among the flags, she sent her maid to fetch it."
2 Kings 7:15 "And they went after them unto Jordan: and, lo, all the way was full of garments and vessels, which the Syrians had cast away in their haste. And the messengers returned, and told the king."
Deuteronomy 1:14 "And ye answered me, and said, The thing which thou hast spoken is good for us to do."
2 Kings 17:35 "With whom the LORD had made a covenant, and charged them, saying, Ye shall not fear other gods, nor bow yourselves to them, nor serve them, nor sacrifice to them:"
1 Peter 3:8 "Finally, be ye all of one mind, having compassion one of another, love as brethren, be pitiful, be courteous:"
2 Kings 24:14 "And he carried away all Jerusalem, and all the princes, and all the mighty men of valor, even ten thousand captives, and all the craftsmen and smiths: none remained, save the poorest sort of the people of the land."
1 Samuel 28:17 "And the LORD hath done to him, as he spake by me: for the LORD hath rent the kingdom out of thine hand, and given it to thy neighbor, even to David:"
Joshua 10:35 "And they took it on that day, and smote it with the edge of the sword, and all the souls that were therein he utterly destroyed that day, according to all that he had done to Lachish."
Ruth 3:17 "And she said, These six measures of barley gave he me; for he said to me, Go not empty unto thy mother in law."
Luke 5:5 "And Simon answering said unto him, Master, we have toiled all the night, and have taken nothing: nevertheless at thy word I will let down the net."
2 Timothy 4:17 "Notwithstanding the Lord stood with me, and strengthened me; that by me the preaching might be fully known, and that all the Gentiles might hear: and I was delivered out of the mouth of the lion."
Joshua 15:22 "And Kinah, and Dimonah, and Adadah,"
2 Chronicles 18:20 "Then there came out a spirit, and stood before the LORD, and said, I will entice him. And the LORD said unto him, Wherewith?"
Joshua 10:29 "Then Joshua passed from Makkedah, and all Israel with him, unto Libnah, and fought against Libnah:"
Ezekiel 44:8 "And ye have not kept the charge of mine holy things: but ye have set keepers of my charge in my sanctuary for yourselves."
1 Kings 16:13 "For all the sins of Baasha, and the sins of Elah his son, by which they sinned, and by which they made Israel to sin, in provoking the LORD God of Israel to anger with their vanities."
Joshua 20:9 "These were the cities appointed for all the children of Israel, and for the stranger that sojourneth among them, that whosoever killeth any person at unawares might flee thither, and not die by the hand of the avenger of blood, until he stood before the congregation."
Exodus 1:15 "And the king of Egypt spake to the Hebrew midwives, of which the name of the one was Shiphrah, and the name of the other Puah:"
1 Kings 11:23 "And God stirred him up another adversary, Rezon the son of Eliadah, which fled from his lord Hadadezer king of Zobah:"
Zechariah 8:11 "But now I will not be unto the residue of this people as in the former days, saith the LORD of hosts."
Ezekiel 18:5 "But if a man be just, and do that which is lawful and right,"
Mark 14:34 "And saith unto them, My soul is exceeding sorrowful unto death: tarry ye here, and watch."
Exodus 7:22 "And the magicians of Egypt did so with their enchantments: and Pharaoh's heart was hardened, neither did he hearken unto them; as the LORD had said."
Job 4:3 "Behold, thou hast instructed many, and thou hast strengthened the weak hands."
2 Samuel 12:29 "And David gathered all the people together, and went to Rabbah, and fought against it, and took it."
Mark 11:13 "And seeing a fig tree afar off having leaves, he came, if haply he might find any thing thereon: and when he came to it, he found nothing but leaves; for the time of figs was not yet."
Jeremiah 46:19 "O thou daughter dwelling in Egypt, furnish thyself to go into captivity: for Noph shall be waste and desolate without an inhabitant."
Isaiah 30:23 "Then shall he give the rain of thy seed, that thou shalt sow the ground withal; and bread of the increase of the earth, and it shall be fat and plenteous: in that day shall thy cattle feed in large pastures."
Deuteronomy 15:20 "Thou shalt eat it before the LORD thy God year by year in the place which the LORD shall choose, thou and thy household."
Revelation 3:1 "And unto the angel of the church in Sardis write; These things saith he that hath the seven Spirits of God, and the seven stars; I know thy works, that thou hast a name that thou livest, and art dead."
John 6:67 "Then said Jesus unto the twelve, Will ye also go away?"
Luke 22:50 "And one of them smote the servant of the high priest, and cut off his right ear."
Numbers 29:9 "And their meat offering shall be of flour mingled with oil, three tenth deals to a bullock, and two tenth deals to one ram,"
Deuteronomy 14:24 "And if the way be too long for thee, so that thou art not able to carry it; or if the place be too far from thee, which the LORD thy God shall choose to set his name there, when the LORD thy God hath blessed thee:"
Judges 4:2 "And the LORD sold them into the hand of Jabin king of Canaan, that reigned in Hazor; the captain of whose host was Sisera, which dwelt in Harosheth of the Gentiles."
Acts 7:45 "Which also our fathers that came after brought in with Jesus into the possession of the Gentiles, whom God drave out before the face of our fathers, unto the days of David;"
Ezekiel 42:18 "He measured the south side, five hundred reeds, with the measuring reed."
Numbers 15:8 "And when thou preparest a bullock for a burnt offering, or for a sacrifice in performing a vow, or peace offerings unto the LORD:"
Exodus 3:20 "And I will stretch out my hand, and smite Egypt with all my wonders which I will do in the midst thereof: and after that he will let you go."
Joel 2:24 "And the floors shall be full of wheat, and the vats shall overflow with wine and oil."
Joel 2:19 "Yea, the LORD will answer and say unto his people, Behold, I will send you corn, and wine, and oil, and ye shall be satisfied therewith: and I will no more make you a reproach among the heathen:"
Numbers 29:40 "And Moses told the children of Israel according to all that the LORD commanded Moses."
Ezekiel 44:20 "Neither shall they shave their heads, nor suffer their locks to grow long; they shall only poll their heads."
2 Samuel 23:7 "But the man that shall touch them must be fenced with iron and the staff of a spear; and they shall be utterly burned with fire in the same place."
Psalm 11:4 "The LORD is in his holy temple, the LORD's throne is in heaven: his eyes behold, his eyelids try, the children of men."
Leviticus 14:28 "And the priest shall put of the oil that is in his hand upon the tip of the right ear of him that is to be cleansed, and upon the thumb of his right hand, and upon the great toe of his right foot, upon the place of the blood of the trespass offering:"
Matthew 9:30 "And their eyes were opened; and Jesus straitly charged them, saying, See that no man know it."
Psalm 139:14 "I will praise thee; for I am fearfully and wonderfully made: marvellous are thy works; and that my soul knoweth right well."
Jeremiah 28:6 "Even the prophet Jeremiah said, Amen: the LORD do so: the LORD perform thy words which thou hast prophesied, to bring again the vessels of the LORD's house, and all that is carried away captive, from Babylon into this place."
Job 22:21 "Acquaint now thyself with him, and be at peace: thereby good shall come unto thee."
Psalm 119:24 "Thy testimonies also are my delight and my counsellors."
Genesis 45:9 "Haste ye, and go up to my father, and say unto him, Thus saith thy son Joseph, God hath made me lord of all Egypt: come down unto me, tarry not:"
Ezekiel 23:22 "Therefore, O Aholibah, thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will raise up thy lovers against thee, from whom thy mind is alienated, and I will bring them against thee on every side;"
Psalm 88:12 "Shall thy wonders be known in the dark? and thy righteousness in the land of forgetfulness?"
Proverbs 20:17 "Bread of deceit is sweet to a man; but afterwards his mouth shall be filled with gravel."
Jeremiah 32:29 "And the Chaldeans, that fight against this city, shall come and set fire on this city, and burn it with the houses, upon whose roofs they have offered incense unto Baal, and poured out drink offerings unto other gods, to provoke me to anger."
2 Kings 8:14 "So he departed from Elisha, and came to his master; who said to him, What said Elisha to thee? And he answered, He told me that thou shouldest surely recover."
Matthew 26:50 "And Jesus said unto him, Friend, wherefore art thou come? Then came they, and laid hands on Jesus and took him."
Mark 8:29 "And he saith unto them, But whom say ye that I am? And Peter answereth and saith unto him, Thou art the Christ."
Psalm 129:8 "Neither do they which go by say, The blessing of the LORD be upon you: we bless you in the name of the LORD."
2 Kings 13:12 "And the rest of the acts of Joash, and all that he did, and his might wherewith he fought against Amaziah king of Judah, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?"
Psalm 116:14 "I will pay my vows unto the LORD now in the presence of all his people."
Joshua 10:22 "Then said Joshua, Open the mouth of the cave, and bring out those five kings unto me out of the cave."
Judges 20:9 "But now this shall be the thing which we will do to Gibeah; we will go up by lot against it;"
Genesis 5:10 "And Enos lived after he begat Cainan eight hundred and fifteen years, and begat sons and daughters:"
Proverbs 19:19 "A man of great wrath shall suffer punishment: for if thou deliver him, yet thou must do it again."
Deuteronomy 32:8 "When the Most High divided to the nations their inheritance, when he separated the sons of Adam, he set the bounds of the people according to the number of the children of Israel."
Zechariah 1:3 "Therefore say thou unto them, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Turn ye unto me, saith the LORD of hosts, and I will turn unto you, saith the LORD of hosts."
Matthew 23:19 "Ye fools and blind: for whether is greater, the gift, or the altar that sanctifieth the gift?"
1 Corinthians 1:21 "For after that in the wisdom of God the world by wisdom knew not God, it pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe."
Nehemiah 3:4 "And next unto them repaired Meremoth the son of Urijah, the son of Koz. And next unto them repaired Meshullam the son of Berechiah, the son of Meshezabeel. And next unto them repaired Zadok the son of Baana."
Jeremiah 10:23 "O LORD, I know that the way of man is not in himself: it is not in man that walketh to direct his steps."
John 21:21 "Peter seeing him saith to Jesus, Lord, and what shall this man do?"
Romans 4:2 "For if Abraham were justified by works, he hath whereof to glory; but not before God."
Numbers 28:5 "And a tenth part of an ephah of flour for a meat offering, mingled with the fourth part of an hin of beaten oil."
Ezekiel 17:15 "But he rebelled against him in sending his ambassadors into Egypt, that they might give him horses and much people. Shall he prosper? shall he escape that doeth such things? or shall he break the covenant, and be delivered?"
2 Chronicles 32:6 "And he set captains of war over the people, and gathered them together to him in the street of the gate of the city, and spake comfortably to them, saying,"
Esther 4:12 "And they told to Mordecai Esther's words."
Isaiah 60:8 "Who are these that fly as a cloud, and as the doves to their windows?"
Isaiah 21:6 "For thus hath the LORD said unto me, Go, set a watchman, let him declare what he seeth."
Mark 5:14 "And they that fed the swine fled, and told it in the city, and in the country. And they went out to see what it was that was done."
Joshua 21:19 "All the cities of the children of Aaron, the priests, were thirteen cities with their suburbs."
2 Chronicles 33:11 "Wherefore the LORD brought upon them the captains of the host of the king of Assyria, which took Manasseh among the thorns, and bound him with fetters, and carried him to Babylon."
Deuteronomy 18:16 "According to all that thou desiredst of the LORD thy God in Horeb in the day of the assembly, saying, Let me not hear again the voice of the LORD my God, neither let me see this great fire any more, that I die not."
2 Samuel 1:23 "Saul and Jonathan were lovely and pleasant in their lives, and in their death they were not divided: they were swifter than eagles, they were stronger than lions."
Exodus 34:32 "And afterward all the children of Israel came nigh: and he gave them in commandment all that the LORD had spoken with him in mount Sinai."
Joshua 19:22 "And the coast reacheth to Tabor, and Shahazimah, and Bethshemesh; and the outgoings of their border were at Jordan: sixteen cities with their villages."
2 Kings 19:29 "And this shall be a sign unto thee, Ye shall eat this year such things as grow of themselves, and in the second year that which springeth of the same; and in the third year sow ye, and reap, and plant vineyards, and eat the fruits thereof."
Luke 17:25 "But first must he suffer many things, and be rejected of this generation."
1 Kings 20:39 "And as the king passed by, he cried unto the king: and he said, Thy servant went out into the midst of the battle; and, behold, a man turned aside, and brought a man unto me, and said, Keep this man: if by any means he be missing, then shall thy life be for his life, or else thou shalt pay a talent of silver."
Isaiah 22:7 "And it shall come to pass, that thy choicest valleys shall be full of chariots, and the horsemen shall set themselves in array at the gate."
1 Kings 13:17 "For it was said to me by the word of the LORD, Thou shalt eat no bread nor drink water there, nor turn again to go by the way that thou camest."
2 Kings 3:6 "And king Jehoram went out of Samaria the same time, and numbered all Israel."
Esther 4:10 "Again Esther spake unto Hatach, and gave him commandment unto Mordecai;"
2 Chronicles 30:14 "And they arose and took away the altars that were in Jerusalem, and all the altars for incense took they away, and cast them into the brook Kidron."
Proverbs 23:27 "For a whore is a deep ditch; and a strange woman is a narrow pit."
Revelation 1:17 "And when I saw him, I fell at his feet as dead. And he laid his right hand upon me, saying unto me, Fear not; I am the first and the last:"
Psalm 25:4 "Shew me thy ways, O LORD; teach me thy paths."
2 Kings 8:1 "Then spake Elisha unto the woman, whose son he had restored to life, saying, Arise, and go thou and thine household, and sojourn wheresoever thou canst sojourn: for the LORD hath called for a famine; and it shall also come upon the land seven years."
Joshua 17:4 "And they came near before Eleazar the priest, and before Joshua the son of Nun, and before the princes, saying, The LORD commanded Moses to give us an inheritance among our brethren. Therefore according to the commandment of the LORD he gave them an inheritance among the brethren of their father."
Jeremiah 35:8 "Thus have we obeyed the voice of Jonadab the son of Rechab our father in all that he hath charged us, to drink no wine all our days, we, our wives, our sons, nor our daughters;"
2 Corinthians 12:10 "Therefore I take pleasure in infirmities, in reproaches, in necessities, in persecutions, in distresses for Christ's sake: for when I am weak, then am I strong."
Ezekiel 23:35 "Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thou hast forgotten me, and cast me behind thy back, therefore bear thou also thy lewdness and thy whoredoms."
Deuteronomy 10:14 "Behold, the heaven and the heaven of heavens is the LORD's thy God, the earth also, with all that therein is."
Deuteronomy 33:20 "And of Gad he said, Blessed be he that enlargeth Gad: he dwelleth as a lion, and teareth the arm with the crown of the head."
Exodus 12:9 "Eat not of it raw, nor sodden at all with water, but roast with fire; his head with his legs, and with the purtenance thereof."
Deuteronomy 1:17 "Ye shall not respect persons in judgment; but ye shall hear the small as well as the great; ye shall not be afraid of the face of man; for the judgment is God's: and the cause that is too hard for you, bring it unto me, and I will hear it."
Judges 13:7 "But he said unto me, Behold, thou shalt conceive, and bear a son; and now drink no wine nor strong drink, neither eat any unclean thing: for the child shall be a Nazarite to God from the womb to the day of his death."
Numbers 10:16 "And over the host of the tribe of the children of Zebulun was Eliab the son of Helon."
Jeremiah 23:3 "And I will gather the remnant of my flock out of all countries whither I have driven them, and will bring them again to their folds; and they shall be fruitful and increase."
Acts 15:14 "Simeon hath declared how God at the first did visit the Gentiles, to take out of them a people for his name."
2 Chronicles 14:14 "And they smote all the cities round about Gerar; for the fear of the LORD came upon them: and they spoiled all the cities; for there was exceeding much spoil in them."
James 4:1 "From whence come wars and fightings among you? come they not hence, even of your lusts that war in your members?"
2 Chronicles 7:19 "But if ye turn away, and forsake my statutes and my commandments, which I have set before you, and shall go and serve other gods, and worship them;"
Titus 3:2 "To speak evil of no man, to be no brawlers, but gentle, shewing all meekness unto all men."
Judges 1:11 "And from thence he went against the inhabitants of Debir: and the name of Debir before was Kirjathsepher:"
Genesis 28:12 "And he dreamed, and behold a ladder set up on the earth, and the top of it reached to heaven: and behold the angels of God ascending and descending on it."
Isaiah 40:15 "Behold, the nations are as a drop of a bucket, and are counted as the small dust of the balance: behold, he taketh up the isles as a very little thing."
Ecclesiastes 12:5 "Also when they shall be afraid of that which is high, and fears shall be in the way, and the almond tree shall flourish, and the grasshopper shall be a burden, and desire shall fail: because man goeth to his long home, and the mourners go about the streets:"
Romans 8:4 "That the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit."
1 Chronicles 10:3 "And the battle went sore against Saul, and the archers hit him, and he was wounded of the archers."
Mark 3:2 "And they watched him, whether he would heal him on the sabbath day; that they might accuse him."
Numbers 9:1 "And the LORD spake unto Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, in the first month of the second year after they were come out of the land of Egypt, saying,"
Numbers 15:22 "And if ye have erred, and not observed all these commandments, which the LORD hath spoken unto Moses,"
1 Chronicles 12:33 "Of Zebulun, such as went forth to battle, expert in war, with all instruments of war, fifty thousand, which could keep rank: they were not of double heart."
Numbers 29:11 "One kid of the goats for a sin offering; beside the sin offering of atonement, and the continual burnt offering, and the meat offering of it, and their drink offerings."
Mark 10:50 "And he, casting away his garment, rose, and came to Jesus."
Exodus 22:12 "And if it be stolen from him, he shall make restitution unto the owner thereof."
Psalm 78:45 "He sent divers sorts of flies among them, which devoured them; and frogs, which destroyed them."
1 Samuel 16:9 "Then Jesse made Shammah to pass by. And he said, Neither hath the LORD chosen this."
Ezekiel 27:13 "Javan, Tubal, and Meshech, they were thy merchants: they traded the persons of men and vessels of brass in thy market."
Job 39:13 "Gavest thou the goodly wings unto the peacocks? or wings and feathers unto the ostrich?"
1 Kings 17:6 "And the ravens brought him bread and flesh in the morning, and bread and flesh in the evening; and he drank of the brook."
3 John 1:3 "For I rejoiced greatly, when the brethren came and testified of the truth that is in thee, even as thou walkest in the truth."
Deuteronomy 32:27 "Were it not that I feared the wrath of the enemy, lest their adversaries should behave themselves strangely, and lest they should say, Our hand is high, and the LORD hath not done all this."
Proverbs 2:22 "But the wicked shall be cut off from the earth, and the transgressors shall be rooted out of it."
Luke 1:30 "And the angel said unto her, Fear not, Mary: for thou hast found favour with God."
1 Chronicles 20:1 "And it came to pass, that after the year was expired, at the time that kings go out to battle, Joab led forth the power of the army, and wasted the country of the children of Ammon, and came and besieged Rabbah. But David tarried at Jerusalem. And Joab smote Rabbah, and destroyed it."
Luke 16:29 "Abraham saith unto him, They have Moses and the prophets; let them hear them."
1 Samuel 22:21 "And Abiathar showed David that Saul had slain the LORD's priests."
Psalm 111:2 "The works of the LORD are great, sought out of all them that have pleasure therein."
Job 15:11 "Are the consolations of God small with thee? is there any secret thing with thee?"
Habakkuk 1:2 "O LORD, how long shall I cry, and thou wilt not hear! even cry out unto thee of violence, and thou wilt not save!"
Matthew 24:34 "Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not pass, till all these things be fulfilled."
1 Kings 1:21 "Otherwise it shall come to pass, when my lord the king shall sleep with his fathers, that I and my son Solomon shall be counted offenders."
Genesis 23:6 "Hear us, my lord: thou art a mighty prince among us: in the choice of our sepulchres bury thy dead; none of us shall withhold from thee his sepulchre, but that thou mayest bury thy dead."
Exodus 3:18 "And they shall hearken to thy voice: and thou shalt come, thou and the elders of Israel, unto the king of Egypt, and ye shall say unto him, The LORD God of the Hebrews hath met with us: and now let us go, we beseech thee, three days' journey into the wilderness, that we may sacrifice to the LORD our God."
Isaiah 13:10 "For the stars of heaven and the constellations thereof shall not give their light: the sun shall be darkened in his going forth, and the moon shall not cause her light to shine."
Ephesians 4:5 "One Lord, one faith, one baptism,"
2 Kings 6:30 "And it came to pass, when the king heard the words of the woman, that he rent his clothes; and he passed by upon the wall, and the people looked, and, behold, he had sackcloth within upon his flesh."
Judges 21:20 "Therefore they commanded the children of Benjamin, saying, Go and lie in wait in the vineyards;"
Psalm 97:2 "Clouds and darkness are round about him: righteousness and judgment are the habitation of his throne."
Numbers 26:22 "These are the families of Judah according to those that were numbered of them, threescore and sixteen thousand and five hundred."
Acts 19:1 "And it came to pass, that, while Apollos was at Corinth, Paul having passed through the upper coasts came to Ephesus: and finding certain disciples,"
Proverbs 20:16 "Take his garment that is surety for a stranger: and take a pledge of him for a strange woman."
Acts 9:20 "And straightway he preached Christ in the synagogues, that he is the Son of God."
Leviticus 22:14 "And if a man eat of the holy thing unwittingly, then he shall put the fifth part thereof unto it, and shall give it unto the priest with the holy thing."
Matthew 18:34 "And his lord was wroth, and delivered him to the tormentors, till he should pay all that was due unto him."
Luke 24:30 "And it came to pass, as he sat at meat with them, he took bread, and blessed it, and brake, and gave to them."
1 Samuel 18:29 "And Saul was yet the more afraid of David; and Saul became David's enemy continually."
Nehemiah 5:17 "Moreover there were at my table an hundred and fifty of the Jews and rulers, beside those that came unto us from among the heathen that are about us."
Job 12:9 "Who knoweth not in all these that the hand of the LORD hath wrought this?"
Ezekiel 33:10 "Therefore, O thou son of man, speak unto the house of Israel; Thus ye speak, saying, If our transgressions and our sins be upon us, and we pine away in them, how should we then live?"
Matthew 24:11 "And many false prophets shall rise, and shall deceive many."
Proverbs 25:13 "As the cold of snow in the time of harvest, so is a faithful messenger to them that send him: for he refresheth the soul of his masters."
Judges 8:24 "And Gideon said unto them, I would desire a request of you, that ye would give me every man the earrings of his prey. (For they had golden earrings, because they were Ishmaelites.)"
Job 6:7 "The things that my soul refused to touch are as my sorrowful meat."
Lamentations 3:17 "And thou hast removed my soul far off from peace: I forgat prosperity."
Lamentations 3:47 "Fear and a snare is come upon us, desolation and destruction."
John 1:22 "Then said they unto him, Who art thou? that we may give an answer to them that sent us. What sayest thou of thyself?"
Isaiah 21:2 "A grievous vision is declared unto me; the treacherous dealer dealeth treacherously, and the spoiler spoileth. Go up, O Elam: besiege, O Media; all the sighing thereof have I made to cease."
Matthew 27:63 "Saying, Sir, we remember that that deceiver said, while he was yet alive, After three days I will rise again."
Genesis 25:4 "And the sons of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, and Hanoch, and Abidah, and Eldaah. All these were the children of Keturah."
Genesis 41:53 "And the seven years of plenteousness, that was in the land of Egypt, were ended."
Zechariah 9:6 "And a bastard shall dwell in Ashdod, and I will cut off the pride of the Philistines."
Job 18:9 "The gin shall take him by the heel, and the robber shall prevail against him."
Exodus 26:14 "And thou shalt make a covering for the tent of rams' skins dyed red, and a covering above of badgers' skins."
Exodus 28:36 "And thou shalt make a plate of pure gold, and grave upon it, like the engravings of a signet, HOLINESS TO THE LORD."
Psalm 147:5 "Great is our Lord, and of great power: his understanding is infinite."
Job 5:16 "So the poor hath hope, and iniquity stoppeth her mouth."
Exodus 10:29 "And Moses said, Thou hast spoken well, I will see thy face again no more."
Matthew 2:15 "And was there until the death of Herod: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet, saying, Out of Egypt have I called my son."
2 Chronicles 32:24 "In those days Hezekiah was sick to the death, and prayed unto the LORD: and he spake unto him, and he gave him a sign."
Leviticus 17:10 "And whatsoever man there be of the house of Israel, or of the strangers that sojourn among you, that eateth any manner of blood; I will even set my face against that soul that eateth blood, and will cut him off from among his people."
Mark 2:23 "And it came to pass, that he went through the corn fields on the sabbath day; and his disciples began, as they went, to pluck the ears of corn."
Judges 7:8 "So the people took victuals in their hand, and their trumpets: and he sent all the rest of Israel every man unto his tent, and retained those three hundred men: and the host of Midian was beneath him in the valley."
Deuteronomy 29:16 "(For ye know how we have dwelt in the land of Egypt; and how we came through the nations which ye passed by;"
Genesis 30:40 "And Jacob did separate the lambs, and set the faces of the flocks toward the ring-streaked, and all the brown in the flock of Laban; and he put his own flocks by themselves, and put them not unto Laban's cattle."
2 Samuel 19:27 "And he hath slandered thy servant unto my lord the king; but my lord the king is as an angel of God: do therefore what is good in thine eyes."
Zechariah 14:8 "And it shall be in that day, that living waters shall go out from Jerusalem; half of them toward the former sea, and half of them toward the hinder sea: in summer and in winter shall it be."
Acts 13:17 "The God of this people of Israel chose our fathers, and exalted the people when they dwelt as strangers in the land of Egypt, and with an high arm brought he them out of it."
Genesis 18:5 "And I will fetch a morsel of bread, and comfort ye your hearts; after that ye shall pass on: for therefore are ye come to your servant. And they said, So do, as thou hast said."
Matthew 24:27 "For as the lightning cometh out of the east, and shineth even unto the west; so shall also the coming of the Son of man be."
Nahum 3:1 "Woe to the bloody city! it is all full of lies and robbery; the prey departeth not;"
Jeremiah 26:2 "Thus saith the LORD; Stand in the court of the LORD's house, and speak unto all the cities of Judah, which come to worship in the LORD's house, all the words that I command thee to speak unto them; diminish not a word:"
Job 13:11 "Shall not his excellency make you afraid? and his dread fall upon you?"
Isaiah 44:1 "Yet now hear, O Jacob my servant; and Israel, whom I have chosen:"
Joshua 24:32 "And the bones of Joseph, which the children of Israel brought up out of Egypt, buried they in Shechem, in a parcel of ground which Jacob bought of the sons of Hamor the father of Shechem for an hundred pieces of silver: and it became the inheritance of the children of Joseph."
Matthew 8:5 "And when Jesus was entered into Capernaum, there came unto him a centurion, beseeching him,"
Genesis 45:22 "To all of them he gave each man changes of raiment; but to Benjamin he gave three hundred pieces of silver, and five changes of raiment."
Acts 25:14 "And when they had been there many days, Festus declared Paul's cause unto the king, saying, There is a certain man left in bonds by Felix:"
Matthew 26:24 "The Son of man goeth as it is written of him: but woe unto that man by whom the Son of man is betrayed! it had been good for that man if he had not been born."
Proverbs 18:1 "Through desire a man, having separated himself, seeketh and intermeddleth with all wisdom."
Deuteronomy 3:2 "And the LORD said unto me, Fear him not: for I will deliver him, and all his people, and his land, into thy hand; and thou shalt do unto him as thou didst unto Sihon king of the Amorites, which dwelt at Heshbon."
Numbers 29:37 "Their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullock, for the ram, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:"
Colossians 2:4 "And this I say, lest any man should beguile you with enticing words."
Psalm 140:11 "Let not an evil speaker be established in the earth: evil shall hunt the violent man to overthrow him."
Genesis 39:1 "And Joseph was brought down to Egypt; and Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh, captain of the guard, an Egyptian, bought him of the hands of the Ishmaelites, which had brought him down thither."
Habakkuk 1:14 "And makest men as the fishes of the sea, as the creeping things, that have no ruler over them?"
Job 31:37 "I would declare unto him the number of my steps; as a prince would I go near unto him."
Jeremiah 7:28 "But thou shalt say unto them, This is a nation that obeyeth not the voice of the LORD their God, nor receiveth correction: truth is perished, and is cut off from their mouth."
Numbers 2:21 "And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were thirty and two thousand and two hundred."
Job 7:9 "As the cloud is consumed and vanisheth away: so he that goeth down to the grave shall come up no more."
Romans 10:6 "But the righteousness which is of faith speaketh on this wise, Say not in thine heart, Who shall ascend into heaven? (that is, to bring Christ down from above:)"
Luke 1:73 "The oath which he sware to our father Abraham,"
Ecclesiastes 9:12 "For man also knoweth not his time: as the fishes that are taken in an evil net, and as the birds that are caught in the snare; so are the sons of men snared in an evil time, when it falleth suddenly upon them."
1 Samuel 2:24 "Nay, my sons; for it is no good report that I hear: ye make the LORD's people to transgress."
Numbers 29:34 "And one goat for a sin offering; beside the continual burnt offering, his meat offering, and his drink offering."
Acts 27:4 "And when we had launched from thence, we sailed under Cyprus, because the winds were contrary."
John 16:33 "These things I have spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace. In the world ye shall have tribulation: but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world."
Job 7:17 "What is man, that thou shouldest magnify him? and that thou shouldest set thine heart upon him?"
1 Chronicles 13:11 "And David was displeased, because the LORD had made a breach upon Uzza: wherefore that place is called Perezuzza to this day."
Mark 10:39 "And they said unto him, We can. And Jesus said unto them, Ye shall indeed drink of the cup that I drink of; and with the baptism that I am baptized withal shall ye be baptized:"
1 Samuel 10:6 "And the Spirit of the LORD will come upon thee, and thou shalt prophesy with them, and shalt be turned into another man."
Leviticus 22:26 "And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,"
John 1:11 "He came unto his own, and his own received him not."
Exodus 28:20 "And the fourth row a beryl, and an onyx, and a jasper: they shall be set in gold in their inclosings."
1 Chronicles 15:2 "Then David said, None ought to carry the ark of God but the Levites: for them hath the LORD chosen to carry the ark of God, and to minister unto him for ever."
Matthew 23:10 "Neither be ye called masters: for one is your Master, even Christ."
Matthew 8:12 "But the children of the kingdom shall be cast out into outer darkness: there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth."
Proverbs 21:10 "The soul of the wicked desireth evil: his neighbour findeth no favour in his eyes."
Mark 12:41 "And Jesus sat over against the treasury, and beheld how the people cast money into the treasury: and many that were rich cast in much."
Judges 14:15 "And it came to pass on the seventh day, that they said unto Samson's wife, Entice thy husband, that he may declare unto us the riddle, lest we burn thee and thy father's house with fire: have ye called us to take that we have? is it not so?"
Isaiah 41:11 "Behold, all they that were incensed against thee shall be ashamed and confounded: they shall be as nothing; and they that strive with thee shall perish."
Job 23:3 "Oh that I knew where I might find him! that I might come even to his seat!"
Revelation 20:15 "And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire."
Numbers 15:24 "Then it shall be, if ought be committed by ignorance without the knowledge of the congregation, that all the congregation shall offer one young bullock for a burnt offering, for a sweet savor unto the LORD, with his meat offering, and his drink offering, according to the manner, and one kid of the goats for a sin offering."
Luke 4:19 "To preach the acceptable year of the Lord."
1 Kings 7:18 "And he made the pillars, and two rows round about upon the one network, to cover the chapiters that were upon the top, with pomegranates: and so did he for the other chapiter."
Psalm 109:25 "I became also a reproach unto them: when they looked upon me they shaked their heads."
Acts 2:7 "And they were all amazed and marvelled, saying one to another, Behold, are not all these which speak Galilaeans?"
Numbers 5:20 "But if thou hast gone aside to another instead of thy husband, and if thou be defiled, and some man have lain with thee beside thine husband:"
2 Kings 16:15 "And king Ahaz commanded Urijah the priest, saying, Upon the great altar burn the morning burnt offering, and the evening meat offering, and the king's burnt sacrifice, and his meat offering, with the burnt offering of all the people of the land, and their meat offering, and their drink offerings; and sprinkle upon it all the blood of the burnt offering, and all the blood of the sacrifice: and the brazen altar shall be for me to enquire by."
Acts 22:15 "For thou shalt be his witness unto all men of what thou hast seen and heard."
John 18:35 "Pilate answered, Am I a Jew? Thine own nation and the chief priests have delivered thee unto me: what hast thou done?"
Leviticus 3:2 "And he shall lay his hand upon the head of his offering, and kill it at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation: and Aaron's sons the priests shall sprinkle the blood upon the altar round about."
1 Kings 4:31 "For he was wiser than all men; than Ethan the Ezrahite, and Heman, and Chalcol, and Darda, the sons of Mahol: and his fame was in all nations round about."
Exodus 28:27 "And two other rings of gold thou shalt make, and shalt put them on the two sides of the ephod underneath, toward the forepart thereof, over against the other coupling thereof, above the curious girdle of the ephod."
Proverbs 7:8 "Passing through the street near her corner; and he went the way to her house,"
Judges 9:18 "And ye are risen up against my father's house this day, and have slain his sons, threescore and ten persons, upon one stone, and have made Abimelech, the son of his maidservant, king over the men of Shechem, because he is your brother;)"
Jeremiah 46:20 "Egypt is like a very fair heifer, but destruction cometh; it cometh out of the north."
Isaiah 57:2 "He shall enter into peace: they shall rest in their beds, each one walking in his uprightness."
Psalm 147:18 "He sendeth out his word, and melteth them: he causeth his wind to blow, and the waters flow."
1 Corinthians 4:8 "Now ye are full, now ye are rich, ye have reigned as kings without us: and I would to God ye did reign, that we also might reign with you."
1 Chronicles 1:42 "The sons of Ezer; Bilhan, and Zavan, and Jakan. The sons of Dishan; Uz, and Aran."
Judges 19:30 "And it was so, that all that saw it said, There was no such deed done nor seen from the day that the children of Israel came up out of the land of Egypt unto this day: consider of it, take advice, and speak your minds."
Matthew 10:9 "Provide neither gold, nor silver, nor brass in your purses,"
2 Chronicles 33:1 "Manasseh was twelve years old when he began to reign, and he reigned fifty and five years in Jerusalem:"
Genesis 8:17 "Bring forth with thee every living thing that is with thee, of all flesh, both of fowl, and of cattle, and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth; that they may breed abundantly in the earth, and be fruitful, and multiply upon the earth."
Proverbs 25:14 "Whoso boasteth himself of a false gift is like clouds and wind without rain."
Acts 15:30 "So when they were dismissed, they came to Antioch: and when they had gathered the multitude together, they delivered the epistle:"
John 11:48 "If we let him thus alone, all men will believe on him: and the Romans shall come and take away both our place and nation."
1 Kings 15:26 "And he did evil in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the way of his father, and in his sin wherewith he made Israel to sin."
Deuteronomy 14:8 "And the swine, because it divideth the hoof, yet cheweth not the cud, it is unclean unto you: ye shall not eat of their flesh, nor touch their dead carcass."
Ezekiel 31:14 "To the end that none of all the trees by the waters exalt themselves for their height, neither shoot up their top among the thick boughs, neither their trees stand up in their height, all that drink water: for they are all delivered unto death, to the nether parts of the earth, in the midst of the children of men, with them that go down to the pit."
Luke 6:20 "And he lifted up his eyes on his disciples, and said, Blessed be ye poor: for yours is the kingdom of God."
Psalm 18:50 "Great deliverance giveth he to his king; and sheweth mercy to his anointed, to David, and to his seed for evermore."
Luke 1:70 "As he spake by the mouth of his holy prophets, which have been since the world began:"
Acts 20:29 "For I know this, that after my departing shall grievous wolves enter in among you, not sparing the flock."
Luke 7:28 "For I say unto you, Among those that are born of women there is not a greater prophet than John the Baptist: but he that is least in the kingdom of God is greater than he."
Jeremiah 18:15 "Because my people hath forgotten me, they have burned incense to vanity, and they have caused them to stumble in their ways from the ancient paths, to walk in paths, in a way not cast up;"
2 Kings 13:20 "And Elisha died, and they buried him. And the bands of the Moabites invaded the land at the coming in of the year."
Jeremiah 11:19 "But I was like a lamb or an ox that is brought to the slaughter; and I knew not that they had devised devices against me, saying, Let us destroy the tree with the fruit thereof, and let us cut him off from the land of the living, that his name may be no more remembered."
Mark 12:23 "In the resurrection therefore, when they shall rise, whose wife shall she be of them? for the seven had her to wife."
Exodus 8:10 "And he said, To morrow. And he said, Be it according to thy word: that thou mayest know that there is none like unto the LORD our God."
1 Chronicles 15:21 "And Mattithiah, and Elipheleh, and Mikneiah, and Obededom, and Jeiel, and Azaziah, with harps on the Sheminith to excel."
John 1:28 "These things were done in Bethabara beyond Jordan, where John was baptizing."
Luke 4:9 "And he brought him to Jerusalem, and set him on a pinnacle of the temple, and said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, cast thyself down from hence:"
John 12:18 "For this cause the people also met him, for that they heard that he had done this miracle."
1 Chronicles 25:8 "And they cast lots, ward against ward, as well the small as the great, the teacher as the scholar."
1 Samuel 19:23 "And he went thither to Naioth in Ramah: and the Spirit of God was upon him also, and he went on, and prophesied, until he came to Naioth in Ramah."
Romans 6:22 "But now being made free from sin, and become servants to God, ye have your fruit unto holiness, and the end everlasting life."
Jeremiah 29:6 "Take ye wives, and beget sons and daughters; and take wives for your sons, and give your daughters to husbands, that they may bear sons and daughters; that ye may be increased there, and not diminished."
Psalm 68:25 "The singers went before, the players on instruments followed after; among them were the damsels playing with timbrels."
Ezekiel 31:8 "The cedars in the garden of God could not hide him: the fir trees were not like his boughs, and the chestnut trees were not like his branches; nor any tree in the garden of God was like unto him in his beauty."
Numbers 28:25 "And on the seventh day ye shall have an holy convocation; ye shall do no servile work."
Jeremiah 46:25 "The LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, saith; Behold, I will punish the multitude of No, and Pharaoh, and Egypt, with their gods, and their kings; even Pharaoh, and all them that trust in him:"
Psalm 52:1 "Why boastest thou thyself in mischief, O mighty man? the goodness of God endureth continually."
Joshua 19:7 "Ain, Remmon, and Ether, and Ashan; four cities and their villages:"
Acts 12:13 "And as Peter knocked at the door of the gate, a damsel came to hearken, named Rhoda."
Daniel 5:21 "And he was driven from the sons of men; and his heart was made like the beasts, and his dwelling was with the wild asses: they fed him with grass like oxen, and his body was wet with the dew of heaven; till he knew that the most high God ruled in the kingdom of men, and that he appointeth over it whomsoever he will."
Ezekiel 28:18 "Thou hast defiled thy sanctuaries by the multitude of thine iniquities, by the iniquity of thy traffick; therefore will I bring forth a fire from the midst of thee, it shall devour thee, and I will bring thee to ashes upon the earth in the sight of all them that behold thee."
Malachi 3:5 "And I will come near to you to judgment; and I will be a swift witness against the sorcerers, and against the adulterers, and against false swearers, and against those that oppress the hireling in his wages, the widow, and the fatherless, and that turn aside the stranger from his right, and fear not me, saith the LORD of hosts."
Job 15:29 "He shall not be rich, neither shall his substance continue, neither shall he prolong the perfection thereof upon the earth."
Judges 21:7 "How shall we do for wives for them that remain, seeing we have sworn by the LORD that we will not give them of our daughters to wives?"
Genesis 41:25 "And Joseph said unto Pharaoh, The dream of Pharaoh is one: God hath showed Pharaoh what he is about to do."
Daniel 3:17 "If it be so, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning fiery furnace, and he will deliver us out of thine hand, O king."
1 Chronicles 2:7 "And the sons of Carmi; Achar, the troubler of Israel, who transgressed in the thing accursed."
2 Chronicles 4:9 "Furthermore he made the court of the priests, and the great court, and doors for the court, and overlaid the doors of them with brass."
Genesis 28:16 "And Jacob awaked out of his sleep, and he said, Surely the LORD is in this place; and I knew it not."
1 Thessalonians 4:11 "And that ye study to be quiet, and to do your own business, and to work with your own hands, as we commanded you;"
John 7:8 "Go ye up unto this feast: I go not up yet unto this feast: for my time is not yet full come."
Psalm 48:11 "Let mount Zion rejoice, let the daughters of Judah be glad, because of thy judgments."
Luke 5:23 "Whether is easier, to say, Thy sins be forgiven thee; or to say, Rise up and walk?"
Matthew 18:11 "For the Son of man is come to save that which was lost."
Numbers 30:9 "But every vow of a widow, and of her that is divorced, wherewith they have bound their souls, shall stand against her."
2 Samuel 14:33 "So Joab came to the king, and told him: and when he had called for Absalom, he came to the king, and bowed himself on his face to the ground before the king: and the king kissed Absalom."
Luke 11:25 "And when he cometh, he findeth it swept and garnished."
Acts 7:20 "In which time Moses was born, and was exceeding fair, and nourished up in his father's house three months:"
Exodus 36:11 "And he made loops of blue on the edge of one curtain from the selvedge in the coupling: likewise he made in the uttermost side of another curtain, in the coupling of the second."
Mark 8:10 "And straightway he entered into a ship with his disciples, and came into the parts of Dalmanutha."
Psalm 36:3 "The words of his mouth are iniquity and deceit: he hath left off to be wise, and to do good."
2 Kings 14:29 "And Jeroboam slept with his fathers, even with the kings of Israel; and Zachariah his son reigned in his stead."
Amos 2:14 "Therefore the flight shall perish from the swift, and the strong shall not strengthen his force, neither shall the mighty deliver himself:"
2 Kings 5:26 "And he said unto him, Went not mine heart with thee, when the man turned again from his chariot to meet thee? Is it a time to receive money, and to receive garments, and oliveyards, and vineyards, and sheep, and oxen, and menservants, and maidservants?"
Jeremiah 33:13 "In the cities of the mountains, in the cities of the vale, and in the cities of the south, and in the land of Benjamin, and in the places about Jerusalem, and in the cities of Judah, shall the flocks pass again under the hands of him that telleth them, saith the LORD."
Job 13:17 "Hear diligently my speech, and my declaration with your ears."
2 Chronicles 33:17 "Nevertheless the people did sacrifice still in the high places, yet unto the LORD their God only."
John 5:22 "For the Father judgeth no man, but hath committed all judgment unto the Son:"
1 Samuel 18:13 "Therefore Saul removed him from him, and made him his captain over a thousand; and he went out and came in before the people."
Psalm 73:3 "For I was envious at the foolish, when I saw the prosperity of the wicked."
1 Chronicles 26:21 "As concerning the sons of Laadan; the sons of the Gershonite Laadan, chief fathers, even of Laadan the Gershonite, were Jehieli."
Mark 12:22 "And the seven had her, and left no seed: last of all the woman died also."
Ruth 2:16 "And let fall also some of the handfuls of purpose for her, and leave them, that she may glean them, and rebuke her not."
Isaiah 40:21 "Have ye not known? have ye not heard? hath it not been told you from the beginning? have ye not understood from the foundations of the earth?"
Revelation 13:1 "And I stood upon the sand of the sea, and saw a beast rise up out of the sea, having seven heads and ten horns, and upon his horns ten crowns, and upon his heads the name of blasphemy."
Leviticus 7:5 "And the priest shall burn them upon the altar for an offering made by fire unto the LORD: it is a trespass offering."
Psalm 18:3 "I will call upon the LORD, who is worthy to be praised: so shall I be saved from mine enemies."
Luke 23:10 "And the chief priests and scribes stood and vehemently accused him."
Zephaniah 3:10 "From beyond the rivers of Ethiopia my suppliants, even the daughter of my dispersed, shall bring mine offering."
Ezra 10:9 "Then all the men of Judah and Benjamin gathered themselves together unto Jerusalem within three days. It was the ninth month, on the twentieth day of the month; and all the people sat in the street of the house of God, trembling because of this matter, and for the great rain."
Proverbs 6:27 "Can a man take fire in his bosom, and his clothes not be burned?"
Exodus 12:17 "And ye shall observe the feast of unleavened bread; for in this selfsame day have I brought your armies out of the land of Egypt: therefore shall ye observe this day in your generations by an ordinance for ever."
Revelation 15:1 "And I saw another sign in heaven, great and marvellous, seven angels having the seven last plagues; for in them is filled up the wrath of God."
Daniel 11:44 "But tidings out of the east and out of the north shall trouble him: therefore he shall go forth with great fury to destroy, and utterly to make away many."
2 Kings 16:17 "And king Ahaz cut off the borders of the bases, and removed the laver from off them; and took down the sea from off the brazen oxen that were under it, and put it upon the pavement of stones."
2 Samuel 2:28 "So Joab blew a trumpet, and all the people stood still, and pursued after Israel no more, neither fought they any more."
1 Chronicles 23:19 "Of the sons of Hebron; Jeriah the first, Amariah the second, Jahaziel the third, and Jekameam the fourth."
Mark 14:12 "And the first day of unleavened bread, when they killed the passover, his disciples said unto him, Where wilt thou that we go and prepare that thou mayest eat the passover?"
Leviticus 5:3 "Or if he touch the uncleanness of man, whatsoever uncleanness it be that a man shall be defiled withal, and it be hid from him; when he knoweth of it, then he shall be guilty."
Psalm 93:4 "The LORD on high is mightier than the noise of many waters, yea, than the mighty waves of the sea."
Psalm 68:11 "The Lord gave the word: great was the company of those that published it."
Jeremiah 2:15 "The young lions roared upon him, and yelled, and they made his land waste: his cities are burned without inhabitant."
Daniel 9:23 "At the beginning of thy supplications the commandment came forth, and I am come to shew thee; for thou art greatly beloved: therefore understand the matter, and consider the vision."
1 Samuel 14:2 "And Saul tarried in the uttermost part of Gibeah under a pomegranate tree which is in Migron: and the people that were with him were about six hundred men;"
Isaiah 54:13 "And all thy children shall be taught of the LORD; and great shall be the peace of thy children."
Judges 6:5 "For they came up with their cattle and their tents, and they came as grasshoppers for multitude; for both they and their camels were without number: and they entered into the land to destroy it."
Judges 1:21 "And the children of Benjamin did not drive out the Jebusites that inhabited Jerusalem; but the Jebusites dwell with the children of Benjamin in Jerusalem unto this day."
Genesis 6:11 "The earth also was corrupt before God, and the earth was filled with violence."
Job 39:29 "From thence she seeketh the prey, and her eyes behold afar off."
Leviticus 24:15 "And thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel, saying, Whosoever curseth his God shall bear his sin."
2 Chronicles 9:16 "And three hundred shields made he of beaten gold: three hundred shekels of gold went to one shield. And the king put them in the house of the forest of Lebanon."
2 Samuel 16:8 "The LORD hath returned upon thee all the blood of the house of Saul, in whose stead thou hast reigned; and the LORD hath delivered the kingdom into the hand of Absalom thy son: and, behold, thou art taken in thy mischief, because thou art a bloody man."
Ezekiel 6:3 "And say, Ye mountains of Israel, hear the word of the Lord GOD; Thus saith the Lord GOD to the mountains, and to the hills, to the rivers, and to the valleys; Behold, I, even I, will bring a sword upon you, and I will destroy your high places."
2 Timothy 2:8 "Remember that Jesus Christ of the seed of David was raised from the dead according to my gospel:"
Luke 22:37 "For I say unto you, that this that is written must yet be accomplished in me, And he was reckoned among the transgressors: for the things concerning me have an end."
Psalm 109:6 "Set thou a wicked man over him: and let Satan stand at his right hand."
Jeremiah 7:2 "Stand in the gate of the LORD's house, and proclaim there this word, and say, Hear the word of the LORD, all ye of Judah, that enter in at these gates to worship the LORD."
Judges 21:22 "And it shall be, when their fathers or their brethren come unto us to complain, that we will say unto them, Be favorable unto them for our sakes: because we reserved not to each man his wife in the war: for ye did not give unto them at this time, that ye should be guilty."
Acts 20:31 "Therefore watch, and remember, that by the space of three years I ceased not to warn every one night and day with tears."
1 Chronicles 1:38 "And the sons of Seir; Lotan, and Shobal, and Zibeon, and Anah, and Dishon, and Ezar, and Dishan."
1 Chronicles 12:3 "The chief was Ahiezer, then Joash, the sons of Shemaah the Gibeathite; and Jeziel, and Pelet, the sons of Azmaveth; and Berachah, and Jehu the Antothite."
Genesis 8:9 "But the dove found no rest for the sole of her foot, and she returned unto him into the ark, for the waters were on the face of the whole earth: then he put forth his hand, and took her, and pulled her in unto him into the ark."
1 Samuel 28:2 "And David said to Achish, Surely thou shalt know what thy servant can do. And Achish said to David, Therefore will I make thee keeper of mine head for ever."
2 Samuel 6:22 "And I will yet be more vile than thus, and will be base in mine own sight: and of the maidservants which thou hast spoken of, of them shall I be had in honor."
Job 14:6 "Turn from him, that he may rest, till he shall accomplish, as an hireling, his day."
Genesis 42:2 "And he said, Behold, I have heard that there is corn in Egypt: get you down thither, and buy for us from thence; that we may live, and not die."
Mark 2:21 "No man also seweth a piece of new cloth on an old garment: else the new piece that filled it up taketh away from the old, and the rent is made worse."
2 Chronicles 28:16 "At that time did king Ahaz send unto the kings of Assyria to help him."
Matthew 27:13 "Then said Pilate unto him, Hearest thou not how many things they witness against thee?"
Jeremiah 37:18 "Moreover Jeremiah said unto king Zedekiah, What have I offended against thee, or against thy servants, or against this people, that ye have put me in prison?"
Isaiah 5:18 "Woe unto them that draw iniquity with cords of vanity, and sin as it were with a cart rope:"
Acts 26:29 "And Paul said, I would to God, that not only thou, but also all that hear me this day, were both almost, and altogether such as I am, except these bonds."
2 Chronicles 30:4 "And the thing pleased the king and all the congregation."
1 Samuel 15:25 "Now therefore, I pray thee, pardon my sin, and turn again with me, that I may worship the LORD."
2 Chronicles 18:15 "And the king said to him, How many times shall I adjure thee that thou say nothing but the truth to me in the name of the LORD?"
Daniel 8:5 "And as I was considering, behold, an he goat came from the west on the face of the whole earth, and touched not the ground: and the goat had a notable horn between his eyes."
Hebrews 1:9 "Thou hast loved righteousness, and hated iniquity; therefore God, even thy God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows."
Leviticus 7:24 "And the fat of the beast that dieth of itself, and the fat of that which is torn with beasts, may be used in any other use: but ye shall in no wise eat of it."
Hebrews 4:6 "Seeing therefore it remaineth that some must enter therein, and they to whom it was first preached entered not in because of unbelief:"
Joshua 19:33 "And their coast was from Heleph, from Allon to Zaanannim, and Adami, Nekeb, and Jabneel, unto Lakum; and the outgoings thereof were at Jordan:"
Matthew 9:24 "He said unto them, Give place: for the maid is not dead, but sleepeth. And they laughed him to scorn."
1 Thessalonians 1:7 "So that ye were ensamples to all that believe in Macedonia and Achaia."
Habakkuk 3:3 "God came from Teman, and the Holy One from mount Paran. Selah. His glory covered the heavens, and the earth was full of his praise."
Romans 6:3 "Know ye not, that so many of us as were baptized into Jesus Christ were baptized into his death?"
Leviticus 13:18 "The flesh also, in which, even in the skin thereof, was a boil, and is healed,"
1 Chronicles 14:11 "So they came up to Baalperazim; and David smote them there. Then David said, God hath broken in upon mine enemies by mine hand like the breaking forth of waters: therefore they called the name of that place Baalperazim."
Revelation 21:1 "And I saw a new heaven and a new earth: for the first heaven and the first earth were passed away; and there was no more sea."
Revelation 15:6 "And the seven angels came out of the temple, having the seven plagues, clothed in pure and white linen, and having their breasts girded with golden girdles."
Matthew 20:7 "They say unto him, Because no man hath hired us. He saith unto them, Go ye also into the vineyard; and whatsoever is right, that shall ye receive."
Amos 3:13 "Hear ye, and testify in the house of Jacob, saith the Lord GOD, the God of hosts,"
Esther 3:10 "And the king took his ring from his hand, and gave it unto Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, the Jews' enemy."
Romans 11:3 "Lord, they have killed thy prophets, and digged down thine altars; and I am left alone, and they seek my life."
Proverbs 20:1 "Wine is a mocker, strong drink is raging: and whosoever is deceived thereby is not wise."
Mark 5:12 "And all the devils besought him, saying, Send us into the swine, that we may enter into them."
Job 13:25 "Wilt thou break a leaf driven to and fro? and wilt thou pursue the dry stubble?"
1 Kings 15:28 "Even in the third year of Asa king of Judah did Baasha slay him, and reigned in his stead."
Luke 22:55 "And when they had kindled a fire in the midst of the hall, and were set down together, Peter sat down among them."
Hebrews 13:4 "Marriage is honourable in all, and the bed undefiled: but whoremongers and adulterers God will judge."
Deuteronomy 28:9 "The LORD shall establish thee an holy people unto himself, as he hath sworn unto thee, if thou shalt keep the commandments of the LORD thy God, and walk in his ways."
Leviticus 6:23 "For every meat offering for the priest shall be wholly burnt: it shall not be eaten."
1 Samuel 12:14 "If ye will fear the LORD, and serve him, and obey his voice, and not rebel against the commandment of the LORD, then shall both ye and also the king that reigneth over you continue following the LORD your God:"
Jeremiah 17:24 "And it shall come to pass, if ye diligently hearken unto me, saith the LORD, to bring in no burden through the gates of this city on the sabbath day, but hallow the sabbath day, to do no work therein;"
Acts 28:5 "And he shook off the beast into the fire, and felt no harm."
Ecclesiastes 1:5 "The sun also ariseth, and the sun goeth down, and hasteth to his place where he arose."
Isaiah 59:18 "According to their deeds, accordingly he will repay, fury to his adversaries, recompence to his enemies; to the islands he will repay recompence."
Ephesians 2:11 "Wherefore remember, that ye being in time past Gentiles in the flesh, who are called Uncircumcision by that which is called the Circumcision in the flesh made by hands;"
Acts 17:19 "And they took him, and brought him unto Areopagus, saying, May we know what this new doctrine, whereof thou speakest, is?"
Genesis 15:8 "And he said, LORD God, whereby shall I know that I shall inherit it?"
Revelation 10:2 "And he had in his hand a little book open: and he set his right foot upon the sea, and his left foot on the earth,"
Leviticus 6:20 "This is the offering of Aaron and of his sons, which they shall offer unto the LORD in the day when he is anointed; the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a meat offering perpetual, half of it in the morning, and half thereof at night."
Jeremiah 38:23 "So they shall bring out all thy wives and thy children to the Chaldeans: and thou shalt not escape out of their hand, but shalt be taken by the hand of the king of Babylon: and thou shalt cause this city to be burned with fire."
Ezekiel 48:22 "Moreover from the possession of the Levites, and from the possession of the city, being in the midst of that which is the prince's, between the border of Judah and the border of Benjamin, shall be for the prince."
Leviticus 8:6 "And Moses brought Aaron and his sons, and washed them with water."
Jeremiah 44:10 "They are not humbled even unto this day, neither have they feared, nor walked in my law, nor in my statutes, that I set before you and before your fathers."
Psalm 137:4 "How shall we sing the LORD's song in a strange land?"
Joshua 11:10 "And Joshua at that time turned back, and took Hazor, and smote the king thereof with the sword: for Hazor beforetime was the head of all those kingdoms."
Leviticus 26:17 "And I will set my face against you, and ye shall be slain before your enemies: they that hate you shall reign over you; and ye shall flee when none pursueth you."
Exodus 1:5 "And all the souls that came out of the loins of Jacob were seventy souls: for Joseph was in Egypt already."
Nehemiah 6:13 "Therefore was he hired, that I should be afraid, and do so, and sin, and that they might have matter for an evil report, that they might reproach me."
Judges 18:31 "And they set them up Micah's graven image, which he made, all the time that the house of God was in Shiloh."
1 Kings 15:32 "And there was war between Asa and Baasha king of Israel all their days."
Judges 5:28 "The mother of Sisera looked out at a window, and cried through the lattice, Why is his chariot so long in coming? why tarry the wheels of his chariots?"
Mark 10:25 "It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God."
Psalm 83:6 "The tabernacles of Edom, and the Ishmaelites; of Moab, and the Hagarenes;"
Job 29:16 "I was a father to the poor: and the cause which I knew not I searched out."
Genesis 37:3 "Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his children, because he was the son of his old age: and he made him a coat of many colors."
Exodus 15:10 "Thou didst blow with thy wind, the sea covered them: they sank as lead in the mighty waters."
Leviticus 8:11 "And he sprinkled thereof upon the altar seven times, and anointed the altar and all his vessels, both the laver and his foot, to sanctify them."
2 Chronicles 25:26 "Now the rest of the acts of Amaziah, first and last, behold, are they not written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel?"
Mark 5:15 "And they come to Jesus, and see him that was possessed with the devil, and had the legion, sitting, and clothed, and in his right mind: and they were afraid."
Proverbs 11:3 "The integrity of the upright shall guide them: but the perverseness of transgressors shall destroy them."
Luke 6:3 "And Jesus answering them said, Have ye not read so much as this, what David did, when himself was an hungred, and they which were with him;"
1 Samuel 4:19 "And his daughter in law, Phinehas' wife, was with child, near to be delivered: and when she heard the tidings that the ark of God was taken, and that her father in law and her husband were dead, she bowed herself and travailed; for her pains came upon her."
Numbers 15:21 "Of the first of your dough ye shall give unto the LORD an heave offering in your generations."
Leviticus 11:47 "To make a difference between the unclean and the clean, and between the beast that may be eaten and the beast that may not be eaten."
Matthew 26:45 "Then cometh he to his disciples, and saith unto them, Sleep on now, and take your rest: behold, the hour is at hand, and the Son of man is betrayed into the hands of sinners."
Deuteronomy 9:9 "When I was gone up into the mount to receive the tables of stone, even the tables of the covenant which the LORD made with you, then I abode in the mount forty days and forty nights, I neither did eat bread nor drink water:"
Deuteronomy 3:22 "Ye shall not fear them: for the LORD your God he shall fight for you."
Matthew 25:13 "Watch therefore, for ye know neither the day nor the hour wherein the Son of man cometh."
1 John 2:4 "He that saith, I know him, and keepeth not his commandments, is a liar, and the truth is not in him."
Mark 14:60 "And the high priest stood up in the midst, and asked Jesus, saying, Answerest thou nothing? what is it which these witness against thee?"
Isaiah 32:9 "Rise up, ye women that are at ease; hear my voice, ye careless daughters; give ear unto my speech."
John 5:47 "But if ye believe not his writings, how shall ye believe my words?"
Genesis 42:37 "And Reuben spake unto his father, saying, Slay my two sons, if I bring him not to thee: deliver him into my hand, and I will bring him to thee again."
Proverbs 8:3 "She crieth at the gates, at the entry of the city, at the coming in at the doors."
Proverbs 26:28 "A lying tongue hateth those that are afflicted by it; and a flattering mouth worketh ruin."
John 17:4 "I have glorified thee on the earth: I have finished the work which thou gavest me to do."
1 Chronicles 21:2 "And David said to Joab and to the rulers of the people, Go, number Israel from Beersheba even to Dan; and bring the number of them to me, that I may know it."
Hebrews 2:9 "But we see Jesus, who was made a little lower than the angels for the suffering of death, crowned with glory and honour; that he by the grace of God should taste death for every man."
Malachi 4:2 "But unto you that fear my name shall the Sun of righteousness arise with healing in his wings; and ye shall go forth, and grow up as calves of the stall."
2 Corinthians 7:12 "Wherefore, though I wrote unto you, I did it not for his cause that had done the wrong, nor for his cause that suffered wrong, but that our care for you in the sight of God might appear unto you."
Isaiah 19:7 "The paper reeds by the brooks, by the mouth of the brooks, and every thing sown by the brooks, shall wither, be driven away, and be no more."
1 Chronicles 22:7 "And David said to Solomon, My son, as for me, it was in my mind to build an house unto the name of the LORD my God:"
Psalm 119:55 "I have remembered thy name, O LORD, in the night, and have kept thy law."
Galatians 1:21 "Afterwards I came into the regions of Syria and Cilicia;"
Numbers 14:38 "But Joshua the son of Nun, and Caleb the son of Jephunneh, which were of the men that went to search the land, lived still."
Joshua 11:9 "And Joshua did unto them as the LORD bade him: he houghed their horses, and burnt their chariots with fire."
1 John 5:6 "This is he that came by water and blood, even Jesus Christ; not by water only, but by water and blood. And it is the Spirit that beareth witness, because the Spirit is truth."
Job 27:8 "For what is the hope of the hypocrite, though he hath gained, when God taketh away his soul?"
Psalm 18:9 "He bowed the heavens also, and came down: and darkness was under his feet."
Psalm 104:7 "At thy rebuke they fled; at the voice of thy thunder they hasted away."
1 Peter 2:10 "Which in time past were not a people, but are now the people of God: which had not obtained mercy, but now have obtained mercy."
Numbers 30:8 "But if her husband disallowed her on the day that he heard it; then he shall make her vow which she vowed, and that which she uttered with her lips, wherewith she bound her soul, of none effect: and the LORD shall forgive her."
Deuteronomy 4:25 "When thou shalt beget children, and children's children, and ye shall have remained long in the land, and shall corrupt yourselves, and make a graven image, or the likeness of any thing, and shall do evil in the sight of the LORD thy God, to provoke him to anger:"
Luke 2:20 "And the shepherds returned, glorifying and praising God for all the things that they had heard and seen, as it was told unto them."
Psalm 3:3 "But thou, O LORD, art a shield for me; my glory, and the lifter up of mine head."
Isaiah 30:25 "And there shall be upon every high mountain, and upon every high hill, rivers and streams of waters in the day of the great slaughter, when the towers fall."
Leviticus 25:40 "But as an hired servant, and as a sojourner, he shall be with thee, and shall serve thee unto the year of jubilee."
Judges 9:46 "And when all the men of the tower of Shechem heard that, they entered into an hold of the house of the god Berith."
1 Kings 3:9 "Give therefore thy servant an understanding heart to judge thy people, that I may discern between good and bad: for who is able to judge this thy so great a people?"
1 Thessalonians 4:10 "And indeed ye do it toward all the brethren which are in all Macedonia: but we beseech you, brethren, that ye increase more and more;"
Psalm 116:12 "What shall I render unto the LORD for all his benefits toward me?"
Psalm 44:11 "Thou hast given us like sheep appointed for meat; and hast scattered us among the heathen."
Mark 1:20 "And straightway he called them: and they left their father Zebedee in the ship with the hired servants, and went after him."
Proverbs 6:1 "My son, if thou be surety for thy friend, if thou hast stricken thy hand with a stranger,"
2 Kings 9:1 "And Elisha the prophet called one of the children of the prophets, and said unto him, Gird up thy loins, and take this box of oil in thine hand, and go to Ramothgilead:"
Daniel 4:5 "I saw a dream which made me afraid, and the thoughts upon my bed and the visions of my head troubled me."
Leviticus 19:4 "Turn ye not unto idols, nor make to yourselves molten gods: I am the LORD your God."
Micah 7:2 "The good man is perished out of the earth: and there is none upright among men: they all lie in wait for blood; they hunt every man his brother with a net."
Matthew 13:38 "The field is the world; the good seed are the children of the kingdom; but the tares are the children of the wicked one;"
2 Chronicles 11:10 "And Zorah, and Aijalon, and Hebron, which are in Judah and in Benjamin fenced cities."
1 Samuel 9:6 "And he said unto him, Behold now, there is in this city a man of God, and he is an honorable man; all that he saith cometh surely to pass: now let us go thither; peradventure he can show us our way that we should go."
Exodus 16:32 "And Moses said, This is the thing which the LORD commandeth, Fill an omer of it to be kept for your generations; that they may see the bread wherewith I have fed you in the wilderness, when I brought you forth from the land of Egypt."
Isaiah 37:31 "And the remnant that is escaped of the house of Judah shall again take root downward, and bear fruit upward:"
Joshua 19:6 "And Bethlebaoth, and Sharuhen; thirteen cities and their villages:"
Deuteronomy 32:22 "For a fire is kindled in mine anger, and shall burn unto the lowest hell, and shall consume the earth with her increase, and set on fire the foundations of the mountains."
2 Samuel 3:1 "Now there was long war between the house of Saul and the house of David: but David waxed stronger and stronger, and the house of Saul waxed weaker and weaker."
Colossians 1:1 "Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, and Timotheus our brother,"
Deuteronomy 30:6 "And the LORD thy God will circumcise thine heart, and the heart of thy seed, to love the LORD thy God with all thine heart, and with all thy soul, that thou mayest live."
Acts 17:32 "And when they heard of the resurrection of the dead, some mocked: and others said, We will hear thee again of this matter."
Haggai 2:17 "I smote you with blasting and with mildew and with hail in all the labours of your hands; yet ye turned not to me, saith the LORD."
Ezra 10:42 "Shallum, Amariah, and Joseph."
1 Kings 12:3 "That they sent and called him. And Jeroboam and all the congregation of Israel came, and spake unto Rehoboam, saying,"
Zechariah 7:3 "And to speak unto the priests which were in the house of the LORD of hosts, and to the prophets, saying, Should I weep in the fifth month, separating myself, as I have done these so many years?"
2 Samuel 22:17 "He sent from above, he took me; he drew me out of many waters;"
Ezekiel 43:22 "And on the second day thou shalt offer a kid of the goats without blemish for a sin offering; and they shall cleanse the altar, as they did cleanse it with the bullock."
Genesis 11:19 "And Peleg lived after he begat Reu two hundred and nine years, and begat sons and daughters."
Ezekiel 7:15 "The sword is without, and the pestilence and the famine within: he that is in the field shall die with the sword; and he that is in the city, famine and pestilence shall devour him."
Exodus 10:4 "Else, if thou refuse to let my people go, behold, to morrow will I bring the locusts into thy coast:"
Nehemiah 11:31 "The children also of Benjamin from Geba dwelt at Michmash, and Aija, and Bethel, and in their villages."
2 Samuel 2:11 "And the time that David was king in Hebron over the house of Judah was seven years and six months."
Jeremiah 3:1 "They say, If a man put away his wife, and she go from him, and become another man's, shall he return unto her again? shall not that land be greatly polluted? but thou hast played the harlot with many lovers; yet return again to me, saith the LORD."
Daniel 5:9 "Then was king Belshazzar greatly troubled, and his countenance was changed in him, and his lords were astonied."
Ezekiel 33:15 "If the wicked restore the pledge, give again that he had robbed, walk in the statutes of life, without committing iniquity; he shall surely live, he shall not die."
2 Kings 11:1 "And when Athaliah the mother of Ahaziah saw that her son was dead, she arose and destroyed all the seed royal."
Psalm 56:12 "Thy vows are upon me, O God: I will render praises unto thee."
Genesis 30:26 "Give me my wives and my children, for whom I have served thee, and let me go: for thou knowest my service which I have done thee."
John 9:29 "We know that God spake unto Moses: as for this fellow, we know not from whence he is."
Isaiah 45:21 "Tell ye, and bring them near; yea, let them take counsel together: who hath declared this from ancient time? who hath told it from that time? have not I the LORD? and there is no God else beside me; a just God and a Saviour; there is none beside me."
Matthew 15:8 "This people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and honoureth me with their lips; but their heart is far from me."
Esther 2:17 "And the king loved Esther above all the women, and she obtained grace and favour in his sight more than all the virgins; so that he set the royal crown upon her head, and made her queen instead of Vashti."
Matthew 5:30 "And if thy right hand offend thee, cut it off, and cast it from thee: for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell."
Daniel 8:9 "And out of one of them came forth a little horn, which waxed exceeding great, toward the south, and toward the east, and toward the pleasant land."
Judges 18:1 "In those days there was no king in Israel: and in those days the tribe of the Danites sought them an inheritance to dwell in; for unto that day all their inheritance had not fallen unto them among the tribes of Israel."
Genesis 48:4 "And said unto me, Behold, I will make thee fruitful, and multiply thee, and I will make of thee a multitude of people; and will give this land to thy seed after thee for an everlasting possession."
Isaiah 52:10 "The LORD hath made bare his holy arm in the eyes of all the nations; and all the ends of the earth shall see the salvation of our God."
1 Samuel 2:25 "If one man sin against another, the judge shall judge him: but if a man sin against the LORD, who shall entreat for him? Notwithstanding they hearkened not unto the voice of their father, because the LORD would slay them."
Psalm 119:47 "And I will delight myself in thy commandments, which I have loved."
Mark 2:1 "And again he entered into Capernaum after some days; and it was noised that he was in the house."
Numbers 15:29 "Ye shall have one law for him that sinneth through ignorance, both for him that is born among the children of Israel, and for the stranger that sojourneth among them."
Psalm 40:16 "Let all those that seek thee rejoice and be glad in thee: let such as love thy salvation say continually, The LORD be magnified."
Revelation 17:9 "And here is the mind which hath wisdom. The seven heads are seven mountains, on which the woman sitteth."
Nehemiah 7:38 "The children of Senaah, three thousand nine hundred and thirty."
2 Kings 5:8 "And it was so, when Elisha the man of God had heard that the king of Israel had rent his clothes, that he sent to the king, saying, Wherefore hast thou rent thy clothes? let him come now to me, and he shall know that there is a prophet in Israel."
Daniel 9:16 "O LORD, according to all thy righteousness, I beseech thee, let thine anger and thy fury be turned away from thy city Jerusalem, thy holy mountain: because for our sins, and for the iniquities of our fathers, Jerusalem and thy people are become a reproach to all that are about us."
1 Samuel 28:8 "And Saul disguised himself, and put on other raiment, and he went, and two men with him, and they came to the woman by night: and he said, I pray thee, divine unto me by the familiar spirit, and bring me him up, whom I shall name unto thee."
Job 38:12 "Hast thou commanded the morning since thy days; and caused the dayspring to know his place;"
Exodus 15:5 "The depths have covered them: they sank into the bottom as a stone."
Joshua 13:30 "And their coast was from Mahanaim, all Bashan, all the kingdom of Og king of Bashan, and all the towns of Jair, which are in Bashan, threescore cities:"
Jeremiah 52:12 "Now in the fifth month, in the tenth day of the month, which was the nineteenth year of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, came Nebuzaradan, captain of the guard, which served the king of Babylon, into Jerusalem,"
Nahum 3:9 "Ethiopia and Egypt were her strength, and it was infinite; Put and Lubim were thy helpers."
Deuteronomy 2:2 "And the LORD spake unto me, saying,"
2 Kings 17:10 "And they set them up images and groves in every high hill, and under every green tree:"
Isaiah 58:1 "Cry aloud, spare not, lift up thy voice like a trumpet, and shew my people their transgression, and the house of Jacob their sins."
Numbers 31:52 "And all the gold of the offering that they offered up to the LORD, of the captains of thousands, and of the captains of hundreds, was sixteen thousand seven hundred and fifty shekels."
Daniel 10:1 "In the third year of Cyrus king of Persia a thing was revealed unto Daniel, whose name was called Belteshazzar; and the thing was true, but the time appointed was long: and he understood the thing, and had understanding of the vision."
Leviticus 16:24 "And he shall wash his flesh with water in the holy place, and put on his garments, and come forth, and offer his burnt offering, and the burnt offering of the people, and make an atonement for himself, and for the people."
2 Chronicles 26:20 "And Azariah the chief priest, and all the priests, looked upon him, and, behold, he was leprous in his forehead, and they thrust him out from thence; yea, himself hasted also to go out, because the LORD had smitten him."
1 John 2:17 "And the world passeth away, and the lust thereof: but he that doeth the will of God abideth for ever."
Leviticus 8:26 "And out of the basket of unleavened bread, that was before the LORD, he took one unleavened cake, and a cake of oiled bread, and one wafer, and put them on the fat, and upon the right shoulder:"
1 Samuel 10:21 "When he had caused the tribe of Benjamin to come near by their families, the family of Matri was taken, and Saul the son of Kish was taken: and when they sought him, he could not be found."
Daniel 7:24 "And the ten horns out of this kingdom are ten kings that shall arise: and another shall rise after them; and he shall be diverse from the first, and he shall subdue three kings."
2 Samuel 3:37 "For all the people and all Israel understood that day that it was not of the king to slay Abner the son of Ner."
1 Kings 4:33 "And he spake of trees, from the cedar tree that is in Lebanon even unto the hyssop that springeth out of the wall: he spake also of beasts, and of fowl, and of creeping things, and of fishes."
Numbers 11:32 "And the people stood up all that day, and all that night, and all the next day, and they gathered the quails: he that gathered least gathered ten homers: and they spread them all abroad for themselves round about the camp."
Jeremiah 33:7 "And I will cause the captivity of Judah and the captivity of Israel to return, and will build them, as at the first."
John 18:36 "Jesus answered, My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews: but now is my kingdom not from hence."
1 Chronicles 24:20 "And the rest of the sons of Levi were these: Of the sons of Amram; Shubael: of the sons of Shubael; Jehdeiah."
Jeremiah 50:6 "My people hath been lost sheep: their shepherds have caused them to go astray, they have turned them away on the mountains: they have gone from mountain to hill, they have forgotten their restingplace."
2 Corinthians 5:18 "And all things are of God, who hath reconciled us to himself by Jesus Christ, and hath given to us the ministry of reconciliation;"
Leviticus 26:2 "Ye shall keep my sabbaths, and reverence my sanctuary: I am the LORD."
Revelation 21:5 "And he that sat upon the throne said, Behold, I make all things new. And he said unto me, Write: for these words are true and faithful."
Proverbs 11:29 "He that troubleth his own house shall inherit the wind: and the fool shall be servant to the wise of heart."
2 Samuel 14:32 "And Absalom answered Joab, Behold, I sent unto thee, saying, Come hither, that I may send thee to the king, to say, Wherefore am I come from Geshur? it had been good for me to have been there still: now therefore let me see the king's face; and if there be any iniquity in me, let him kill me."
Jeremiah 42:20 "For ye dissembled in your hearts, when ye sent me unto the LORD your God, saying, Pray for us unto the LORD our God; and according unto all that the LORD our God shall say, so declare unto us, and we will do it."
1 John 1:9 "If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness."
Acts 15:13 "And after they had held their peace, James answered, saying, Men and brethren, hearken unto me:"
1 Peter 3:16 "Having a good conscience; that, whereas they speak evil of you, as of evildoers, they may be ashamed that falsely accuse your good conversation in Christ."
2 Kings 20:7 "And Isaiah said, Take a lump of figs. And they took and laid it on the boil, and he recovered."
Joshua 19:38 "And Iron, and Migdalel, Horem, and Bethanath, and Bethshemesh; nineteen cities with their villages."
1 Samuel 7:1 "And the men of Kirjathjearim came, and fetched up the ark of the LORD, and brought it into the house of Abinadab in the hill, and sanctified Eleazar his son to keep the ark of the LORD."
Leviticus 27:22 "And if a man sanctify unto the LORD a field which he hath bought, which is not of the fields of his possession;"
Jeremiah 19:13 "And the houses of Jerusalem, and the houses of the kings of Judah, shall be defiled as the place of Tophet, because of all the houses upon whose roofs they have burned incense unto all the host of heaven, and have poured out drink offerings unto other gods."
Proverbs 16:2 "All the ways of a man are clean in his own eyes; but the LORD weigheth the spirits."
Exodus 26:36 "And thou shalt make an hanging for the door of the tent, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, wrought with needlework."
Judges 18:2 "And the children of Dan sent of their family five men from their coasts, men of valor, from Zorah, and from Eshtaol, to spy out the land, and to search it; and they said unto them, Go, search the land: who when they came to mount Ephraim, to the house of Micah, they lodged there."
Psalm 105:31 "He spake, and there came divers sorts of flies, and lice in all their coasts."
Matthew 17:23 "And they shall kill him, and the third day he shall be raised again. And they were exceeding sorry."
Acts 8:12 "But when they believed Philip preaching the things concerning the kingdom of God, and the name of Jesus Christ, they were baptized, both men and women."
Matthew 1:20 "But while he thought on these things, behold, the angel of the LORD appeared unto him in a dream, saying, Joseph, thou son of David, fear not to take unto thee Mary thy wife: for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost."
Ezekiel 24:24 "Thus Ezekiel is unto you a sign: according to all that he hath done shall ye do: and when this cometh, ye shall know that I am the Lord GOD."
2 Kings 6:21 "And the king of Israel said unto Elisha, when he saw them, My father, shall I smite them? shall I smite them?"
Matthew 19:10 "His disciples say unto him, If the case of the man be so with his wife, it is not good to marry."
Job 6:21 "For now ye are nothing; ye see my casting down, and are afraid."
Malachi 2:8 "But ye are departed out of the way; ye have caused many to stumble at the law; ye have corrupted the covenant of Levi, saith the LORD of hosts."
Genesis 1:14 "And God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days, and years:"
Jeremiah 16:14 "Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that it shall no more be said, The LORD liveth, that brought up the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt;"
Genesis 29:30 "And he went in also unto Rachel, and he loved also Rachel more than Leah, and served with him yet seven other years."
Mark 3:16 "And Simon he surnamed Peter;"
Leviticus 8:13 "And Moses brought Aaron's sons, and put coats upon them, and girded them with girdles, and put bonnets upon them; as the LORD commanded Moses."
Numbers 4:25 "And they shall bear the curtains of the tabernacle, and the tabernacle of the congregation, his covering, and the covering of the badgers' skins that is above upon it, and the hanging for the door of the tabernacle of the congregation,"
Luke 7:23 "And blessed is he, whosoever shall not be offended in me."
Ezra 10:21 "And of the sons of Harim; Maaseiah, and Elijah, and Shemaiah, and Jehiel, and Uzziah."
Luke 2:25 "And, behold, there was a man in Jerusalem, whose name was Simeon; and the same man was just and devout, waiting for the consolation of Israel: and the Holy Ghost was upon him."
Psalm 119:162 "I rejoice at thy word, as one that findeth great spoil."
2 Thessalonians 3:15 "Yet count him not as an enemy, but admonish him as a brother."
Lamentations 3:48 "Mine eye runneth down with rivers of water for the destruction of the daughter of my people."
Psalm 121:8 "The LORD shall preserve thy going out and thy coming in from this time forth, and even for evermore."
Acts 7:50 "Hath not my hand made all these things?"
Psalm 63:4 "Thus will I bless thee while I live: I will lift up my hands in thy name."
Acts 27:16 "And running under a certain island which is called Clauda, we had much work to come by the boat:"
Lamentations 5:4 "We have drunken our water for money; our wood is sold unto us."
Ephesians 3:19 "And to know the love of Christ, which passeth knowledge, that ye might be filled with all the fulness of God."
Judges 19:20 "And the old man said, Peace be with thee; howsoever let all thy wants lie upon me; only lodge not in the street."
John 15:9 "As the Father hath loved me, so have I loved you: continue ye in my love."
Luke 20:19 "And the chief priests and the scribes the same hour sought to lay hands on him; and they feared the people: for they perceived that he had spoken this parable against them."
Ezekiel 36:27 "And I will put my spirit within you, and cause you to walk in my statutes, and ye shall keep my judgments, and do them."
Isaiah 35:10 "And the ransomed of the LORD shall return, and come to Zion with songs and everlasting joy upon their heads: they shall obtain joy and gladness, and sorrow and sighing shall flee away."
1 Kings 9:13 "And he said, What cities are these which thou hast given me, my brother? And he called them the land of Cabul unto this day."
Matthew 23:16 "Woe unto you, ye blind guides, which say, Whosoever shall swear by the temple, it is nothing; but whosoever shall swear by the gold of the temple, he is a debtor!"
2 Peter 2:8 "(For that righteous man dwelling among them, in seeing and hearing, vexed his righteous soul from day to day with their unlawful deeds;)"
Joshua 23:2 "And Joshua called for all Israel, and for their elders, and for their heads, and for their judges, and for their officers, and said unto them, I am old and stricken in age:"
John 19:15 "But they cried out, Away with him, away with him, crucify him. Pilate saith unto them, Shall I crucify your King? The chief priests answered, We have no king but Caesar."
Jeremiah 36:1 "And it came to pass in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah, that this word came unto Jeremiah from the LORD, saying,"
Exodus 16:24 "And they laid it up till the morning, as Moses bade: and it did not stink, neither was there any worm therein."
Luke 23:2 "And they began to accuse him, saying, We found this fellow perverting the nation, and forbidding to give tribute to Caesar, saying that he himself is Christ a King."
Psalm 12:7 "Thou shalt keep them, O LORD, thou shalt preserve them from this generation for ever."
Genesis 25:5 "And Abraham gave all that he had unto Isaac."
Daniel 3:6 "And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth shall the same hour be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace."
Leviticus 20:10 "And the man that committeth adultery with another man's wife, even he that committeth adultery with his neighbor's wife, the adulterer and the adulteress shall surely be put to death."
Ezekiel 14:18 "Though these three men were in it, as I live, saith the Lord GOD, they shall deliver neither sons nor daughters, but they only shall be delivered themselves."
John 21:20 "Then Peter, turning about, seeth the disciple whom Jesus loved following; which also leaned on his breast at supper, and said, Lord, which is he that betrayeth thee?"
Ezra 6:1 "Then Darius the king made a decree, and search was made in the house of the rolls, where the treasures were laid up in Babylon."
Amos 5:6 "Seek the LORD, and ye shall live; lest he break out like fire in the house of Joseph, and devour it, and there be none to quench it in Bethel."
1 John 2:8 "Again, a new commandment I write unto you, which thing is true in him and in you: because the darkness is past, and the true light now shineth."
Nehemiah 11:33 "Hazor, Ramah, Gittaim,"
Acts 27:39 "And when it was day, they knew not the land: but they discovered a certain creek with a shore, into the which they were minded, if it were possible, to thrust in the ship."
1 Kings 4:10 "The son of Hesed, in Aruboth; to him pertained Sochoh, and all the land of Hepher:"
Isaiah 62:5 "For as a young man marrieth a virgin, so shall thy sons marry thee: and as the bridegroom rejoiceth over the bride, so shall thy God rejoice over thee."
1 Samuel 15:19 "Wherefore then didst thou not obey the voice of the LORD, but didst fly upon the spoil, and didst evil in the sight of the LORD?"
Psalm 77:20 "Thou leddest thy people like a flock by the hand of Moses and Aaron."
Deuteronomy 27:18 "Cursed be he that maketh the blind to wander out of the way. And all the people shall say, Amen."
Leviticus 11:45 "For I am the LORD that bringeth you up out of the land of Egypt, to be your God: ye shall therefore be holy, for I am holy."
