Aspect26, Genesis 3:24 "So he drove out the man; and he placed at the east of the garden of Eden Cherubims, and a flaming sword which turned every way, to keep the way of the tree of life."
Aspect26, Genesis 5:29 "And he called his name Noah, saying, This same shall comfort us concerning our work and toil of our hands, because of the ground which the LORD hath cursed."
Aspect26, Genesis 6:9 "These are the generations of Noah: Noah was a just man and perfect in his generations, and Noah walked with God."
Aspect26, Genesis 7:7 "And Noah went in, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons' wives with him, into the ark, because of the waters of the flood."
Aspect26, Genesis 7:9 "There went in two and two unto Noah into the ark, the male and the female, as God had commanded Noah."
Aspect26, Genesis 7:11 "In the six hundredth year of Noah's life, in the second month, the seventeenth day of the month, the same day were all the fountains of the great deep broken up, and the windows of heaven were opened."
Aspect26, Genesis 7:18 "And the waters prevailed, and were increased greatly upon the earth; and the ark went upon the face of the waters."
Aspect26, Genesis 8:4 "And the ark rested in the seventh month, on the seventeenth day of the month, upon the mountains of Ararat."
Aspect26, Genesis 8:13 "And it came to pass in the six hundredth and first year, in the first month, the first day of the month, the waters were dried up from off the earth: and Noah removed the covering of the ark, and looked, and, behold, the face of the ground was dry."
Aspect26, Genesis 8:18 "And Noah went forth, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons' wives with him:"
Aspect26, Genesis 9:6 "Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed: for in the image of God made he man."
Aspect26, Genesis 9:18 "And the sons of Noah, that went forth of the ark, were Shem, and Ham, and Japheth: and Ham is the father of Canaan."
Aspect26, Genesis 12:5 "And Abram took Sarai his wife, and Lot his brother's son, and all their substance that they had gathered, and the souls that they had gotten in Haran; and they went forth to go into the land of Canaan; and into the land of Canaan they came."
Aspect26, Genesis 12:9 "And Abram journeyed, going on still toward the south."
Aspect26, Genesis 12:10 "And there was a famine in the land: and Abram went down into Egypt to sojourn there; for the famine was grievous in the land."
Aspect26, Genesis 13:1 "And Abram went up out of Egypt, he, and his wife, and all that he had, and Lot with him, into the south."
Aspect26, Genesis 13:3 "And he went on his journeys from the south even to Bethel, unto the place where his tent had been at the beginning, between Bethel and Hai;"
Aspect26, Genesis 14:17 "And the king of Sodom went out to meet him after his return from the slaughter of Chedorlaomer, and of the kings that were with him, at the valley of Shaveh, which is the king's dale."
Aspect26, Genesis 16:16 "And Abram was fourscore and six years old, when Hagar bare Ishmael to Abram."
Aspect26, Genesis 17:16 "And I will bless her, and give thee a son also of her: yea, I will bless her, and she shall be a mother of nations; kings of people shall be of her."
Aspect26, Genesis 17:25 "And Ishmael his son was thirteen years old, when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin."
Aspect26, Genesis 20:8 "Therefore Abimelech rose early in the morning, and called all his servants, and told all these things in their ears: and the men were sore afraid."
Aspect26, Genesis 21:16 "And she went, and sat her down over against him a good way off, as it were a bow shot: for she said, Let me not see the death of the child. And she sat over against him, and lift up her voice, and wept."
Aspect26, Genesis 21:31 "Wherefore he called that place Beersheba; because there they sware both of them."
Aspect26, Genesis 23:10 "And Ephron dwelt among the children of Heth: and Ephron the Hittite answered Abraham in the audience of the children of Heth, even of all that went in at the gate of his city, saying,"
Aspect26, Genesis 23:18 "Unto Abraham for a possession in the presence of the children of Heth, before all that went in at the gate of his city."
Aspect26, Genesis 26:13 "And the man waxed great, and went forward, and grew until he became very great:"
Aspect26, Genesis 26:26 "Then Abimelech went to him from Gerar, and Ahuzzath one of his friends, and Phichol the chief captain of his army."
Aspect26, Genesis 28:10 "And Jacob went out from Beersheba, and went toward Haran."
Aspect26, Genesis 28:11 "And he lighted upon a certain place, and tarried there all night, because the sun was set; and he took of the stones of that place, and put them for his pillows, and lay down in that place to sleep."
Aspect26, Genesis 29:35 "And she conceived again, and bare a son: and she said, Now will I praise the LORD: therefore she called his name Judah; and left bearing."
Aspect26, Genesis 32:15 "Thirty milch camels with their colts, forty kine, and ten bulls, twenty she asses, and ten foals."
Aspect26, Genesis 34:24 "And unto Hamor and unto Shechem his son hearkened all that went out of the gate of his city; and every male was circumcised, all that went out of the gate of his city."
Aspect26, Genesis 34:26 "And they slew Hamor and Shechem his son with the edge of the sword, and took Dinah out of Shechem's house, and went out."
Aspect26, Genesis 36:22 "And the children of Lotan were Hori and Hemam; and Lotan's sister was Timna."
Aspect26, Genesis 36:26 "And these are the children of Dishon; Hemdan, and Eshban, and Ithran, and Cheran."
Aspect26, Genesis 37:21 "And Reuben heard it, and he delivered him out of their hands; and said, Let us not kill him."
Aspect26, Genesis 40:7 "And he asked Pharaoh's officers that were with him in the ward of his lord's house, saying, Wherefore look ye so sadly to day?"
Aspect26, Genesis 41:8 "And it came to pass in the morning that his spirit was troubled; and he sent and called for all the magicians of Egypt, and all the wise men thereof: and Pharaoh told them his dream; but there was none that could interpret them unto Pharaoh."
Aspect26, Genesis 41:10 "Pharaoh was wroth with his servants, and put me in ward in the captain of the guard's house, both me and the chief baker:"
Aspect26, Genesis 41:35 "And let them gather all the food of those good years that come, and lay up corn under the hand of Pharaoh, and let them keep food in the cities."
Aspect26, Genesis 41:45 "And Pharaoh called Joseph's name Zaphnathpaaneah; and he gave him to wife Asenath the daughter of Potipherah priest of On. And Joseph went out over all the land of Egypt."
Aspect26, Genesis 41:46 "And Joseph was thirty years old when he stood before Pharaoh king of Egypt. And Joseph went out from the presence of Pharaoh, and went throughout all the land of Egypt."
Aspect26, Genesis 42:3 "And Joseph's ten brethren went down to buy corn in Egypt."
Aspect26, Genesis 45:2 "And he wept aloud: and the Egyptians and the house of Pharaoh heard."
Aspect26, Genesis 49:3 "Reuben, thou art my firstborn, my might, and the beginning of my strength, the excellency of dignity, and the excellency of power:"
Aspect26, Genesis 50:7 "And Joseph went up to bury his father: and with him went up all the servants of Pharaoh, the elders of his house, and all the elders of the land of Egypt,"
Aspect26, Genesis 50:9 "And there went up with him both chariots and horsemen: and it was a very great company."
Aspect26, Exodus 1:7 "And the children of Israel were fruitful, and increased abundantly, and multiplied, and waxed exceeding mighty; and the land was filled with them."
Aspect26, Exodus 1:13 "And the Egyptians made the children of Israel to serve with rigor:"
Aspect26, Exodus 2:8 "And Pharaoh's daughter said to her, Go. And the maid went and called the child's mother."
Aspect26, Exodus 4:29 "And Moses and Aaron went and gathered together all the elders of the children of Israel:"
Aspect26, Exodus 6:5 "And I have also heard the groaning of the children of Israel, whom the Egyptians keep in bondage; and I have remembered my covenant."
Aspect26, Exodus 7:23 "And Pharaoh turned and went into his house, neither did he set his heart to this also."
Aspect26, Exodus 8:23 "And I will put a division between my people and thy people: to morrow shall this sign be."
Aspect26, Exodus 10:6 "And they shall fill thy houses, and the houses of all thy servants, and the houses of all the Egyptians; which neither thy fathers, nor thy fathers' fathers have seen, since the day that they were upon the earth unto this day. And he turned himself, and went out from Pharaoh."
Aspect26, Exodus 10:14 "And the locust went up over all the land of Egypt, and rested in all the coasts of Egypt: very grievous were they; before them there were no such locusts as they, neither after them shall be such."
Aspect26, Exodus 12:30 "And Pharaoh rose up in the night, he, and all his servants, and all the Egyptians; and there was a great cry in Egypt; for there was not a house where there was not one dead."
Aspect26, Exodus 12:37 "And the children of Israel journeyed from Rameses to Succoth, about six hundred thousand on foot that were men, beside children."
Aspect26, Exodus 12:40 "Now the sojourning of the children of Israel, who dwelt in Egypt, was four hundred and thirty years."
Aspect26, Exodus 13:21 "And the LORD went before them by day in a pillar of a cloud, to lead them the way; and by night in a pillar of fire, to give them light; to go by day and night:"
Aspect26, Exodus 14:8 "And the LORD hardened the heart of Pharaoh king of Egypt, and he pursued after the children of Israel: and the children of Israel went out with an high hand."
Aspect26, Exodus 14:10 "And when Pharaoh drew nigh, the children of Israel lifted up their eyes, and, behold, the Egyptians marched after them; and they were sore afraid: and the children of Israel cried out unto the LORD."
Aspect26, Exodus 14:19 "And the angel of God, which went before the camp of Israel, removed and went behind them; and the pillar of the cloud went from before their face, and stood behind them:"
Aspect26, Exodus 14:23 "And the Egyptians pursued, and went in after them to the midst of the sea, even all Pharaoh's horses, his chariots, and his horsemen."
Aspect26, Exodus 14:24 "And it came to pass, that in the morning watch the LORD looked unto the host of the Egyptians through the pillar of fire and of the cloud, and troubled the host of the Egyptians,"
Aspect26, Exodus 19:1 "In the third month, when the children of Israel were gone forth out of the land of Egypt, the same day came they into the wilderness of Sinai."
Aspect26, Exodus 21:22 "If men strive, and hurt a woman with child, so that her fruit depart from her, and yet no mischief follow: he shall be surely punished, according as the woman's husband will lay upon him; and he shall pay as the judges determine."
Aspect26, Exodus 22:1 "If a man shall steal an ox, or a sheep, and kill it, or sell it; he shall restore five oxen for an ox, and four sheep for a sheep."
Aspect26, Exodus 25:12 "And thou shalt cast four rings of gold for it, and put them in the four corners thereof; and two rings shall be in the one side of it, and two rings in the other side of it."
Aspect26, Exodus 25:26 "And thou shalt make for it four rings of gold, and put the rings in the four corners that are on the four feet thereof."
Aspect26, Exodus 31:16 "Wherefore the children of Israel shall keep the sabbath, to observe the sabbath throughout their generations, for a perpetual covenant."
Aspect26, Exodus 33:7 "And Moses took the tabernacle, and pitched it without the camp, afar off from the camp, and called it the Tabernacle of the congregation. And it came to pass, that every one which sought the LORD went out unto the tabernacle of the congregation, which was without the camp."
Aspect26, Exodus 36:15 "The length of one curtain was thirty cubits, and four cubits was the breadth of one curtain: the eleven curtains were of one size."
Aspect26, Exodus 36:27 "And for the sides of the tabernacle westward he made six boards."
Aspect26, Exodus 36:36 "And he made thereunto four pillars of shittim wood, and overlaid them with gold: their hooks were of gold; and he cast for them four sockets of silver."
Aspect26, Exodus 37:3 "And he cast for it four rings of gold, to be set by the four corners of it; even two rings upon the one side of it, and two rings upon the other side of it."
Aspect26, Exodus 37:13 "And he cast for it four rings of gold, and put the rings upon the four corners that were in the four feet thereof."
Aspect26, Exodus 37:20 "And in the candlestick were four bowls made like almonds, his knops, and his flowers:"
Aspect26, Exodus 38:5 "And he cast four rings for the four ends of the grate of brass, to be places for the staves."
Aspect26, Exodus 39:10 "And they set in it four rows of stones: the first row was a sardius, a topaz, and a carbuncle: this was the first row."
Aspect26, Exodus 40:36 "And when the cloud was taken up from over the tabernacle, the children of Israel went onward in all their journeys:"
Aspect26, Leviticus 1:16 "And he shall pluck away his crop with his feathers, and cast it beside the altar on the east part, by the place of the ashes:"
Aspect26, Leviticus 24:23 "And Moses spake to the children of Israel, that they should bring forth him that had cursed out of the camp, and stone him with stones. And the children of Israel did as the LORD commanded Moses."
Aspect26, Leviticus 25:26 "And if the man have none to redeem it, and himself be able to redeem it;"
Aspect26, Leviticus 27:5 "And if it be from five years old even unto twenty years old, then thy estimation shall be of the male twenty shekels, and for the female ten shekels."
Aspect26, Leviticus 27:6 "And if it be from a month old even unto five years old, then thy estimation shall be of the male five shekels of silver, and for the female thy estimation shall be three shekels of silver."
Aspect26, Leviticus 27:7 "And if it be from sixty years old and above; if it be a male, then thy estimation shall be fifteen shekels, and for the female ten shekels."
Aspect26, Leviticus 27:19 "And if he that sanctified the field will in any wise redeem it, then he shall add the fifth part of the money of thy estimation unto it, and it shall be assured to him."
Aspect26, Numbers 1:2 "Take ye the sum of all the congregation of the children of Israel, after their families, by the house of their fathers, with the number of their names, every male by their polls;"
Aspect26, Numbers 1:20 "And the children of Reuben, Israel's eldest son, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, by their polls, every male from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;"
Aspect26, Numbers 1:22 "Of the children of Simeon, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, those that were numbered of them, according to the number of the names, by their polls, every male from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;"
Aspect26, Numbers 1:24 "Of the children of Gad, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;"
Aspect26, Numbers 1:26 "Of the children of Judah, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;"
Aspect26, Numbers 1:28 "Of the children of Issachar, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;"
Aspect26, Numbers 1:29 "Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Issachar, were fifty and four thousand and four hundred."
Aspect26, Numbers 1:30 "Of the children of Zebulun, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;"
Aspect26, Numbers 1:31 "Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Zebulun, were fifty and seven thousand and four hundred."
Aspect26, Numbers 1:32 "Of the children of Joseph, namely, of the children of Ephraim, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;"
Aspect26, Numbers 1:34 "Of the children of Manasseh, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;"
Aspect26, Numbers 1:36 "Of the children of Benjamin, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;"
Aspect26, Numbers 1:38 "Of the children of Dan, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;"
Aspect26, Numbers 1:40 "Of the children of Asher, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;"
Aspect26, Numbers 1:42 "Of the children of Naphtali, throughout their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;"
Aspect26, Numbers 1:45 "So were all those that were numbered of the children of Israel, by the house of their fathers, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war in Israel;"
Aspect26, Numbers 2:3 "And on the east side toward the rising of the sun shall they of the standard of the camp of Judah pitch throughout their armies: and Nahshon the son of Amminadab shall be captain of the children of Judah."
Aspect26, Numbers 2:6 "And his host, and those that were numbered thereof, were fifty and four thousand and four hundred."
Aspect26, Numbers 2:8 "And his host, and those that were numbered thereof, were fifty and seven thousand and four hundred."
Aspect26, Numbers 2:23 "And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were thirty and five thousand and four hundred."
Aspect26, Numbers 2:34 "And the children of Israel did according to all that the LORD commanded Moses: so they pitched by their standards, and so they set forward, every one after their families, according to the house of their fathers."
Aspect26, Numbers 3:8 "And they shall keep all the instruments of the tabernacle of the congregation, and the charge of the children of Israel, to do the service of the tabernacle."
Aspect26, Numbers 3:21 "Of Gershon was the family of the Libnites, and the family of the Shimites: these are the families of the Gershonites."
Aspect26, Numbers 3:38 "But those that encamp before the tabernacle toward the east, even before the tabernacle of the congregation eastward, shall be Moses, and Aaron and his sons, keeping the charge of the sanctuary for the charge of the children of Israel; and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death."
Aspect26, Numbers 7:7 "Two wagons and four oxen he gave unto the sons of Gershon, according to their service:"
Aspect26, Numbers 7:60 "On the ninth day Abidan the son of Gideoni, prince of the children of Benjamin, offered:"
Aspect26, Numbers 7:72 "On the eleventh day Pagiel the son of Ocran, prince of the children of Asher, offered:"
Aspect26, Numbers 9:15 "And on the day that the tabernacle was reared up the cloud covered the tabernacle, namely, the tent of the testimony: and at even there was upon the tabernacle as it were the appearance of fire, until the morning."
Aspect26, Numbers 9:17 "And when the cloud was taken up from the tabernacle, then after that the children of Israel journeyed: and in the place where the cloud abode, there the children of Israel pitched their tents."
Aspect26, Numbers 9:21 "And so it was, when the cloud abode from even unto the morning, and that the cloud was taken up in the morning, then they journeyed: whether it was by day or by night that the cloud was taken up, they journeyed."
Aspect26, Numbers 10:14 "In the first place went the standard of the camp of the children of Judah according to their armies: and over his host was Nahshon the son of Amminadab."
Aspect26, Numbers 10:28 "Thus were the journeyings of the children of Israel according to their armies, when they set forward."
Aspect26, Numbers 11:20 "But even a whole month, until it come out at your nostrils, and it be loathsome unto you: because that ye have despised the LORD which is among you, and have wept before him, saying, Why came we forth out of Egypt?"
Aspect26, Numbers 20:15 "How our fathers went down into Egypt, and we have dwelt in Egypt a long time; and the Egyptians vexed us, and our fathers:"
Aspect26, Numbers 21:3 "And the LORD hearkened to the voice of Israel, and delivered up the Canaanites; and they utterly destroyed them and their cities: and he called the name of the place Hormah."
Aspect26, Numbers 21:13 "From thence they removed, and pitched on the other side of Arnon, which is in the wilderness that cometh out of the coasts of the Amorites: for Arnon is the border of Moab, between Moab and the Amorites."
Aspect26, Numbers 21:33 "And they turned and went up by the way of Bashan: and Og the king of Bashan went out against them, he, and all his people, to the battle at Edrei."
Aspect26, Numbers 24:6 "As the valleys are they spread forth, as gardens by the river's side, as the trees of lign aloes which the LORD hath planted, and as cedar trees beside the waters."
Aspect26, Numbers 24:25 "And Balaam rose up, and went and returned to his place: and Balak also went his way."
Aspect26, Numbers 26:4 "Take the sum of the people, from twenty years old and upward; as the LORD commanded Moses and the children of Israel, which went forth out of the land of Egypt."
Aspect26, Numbers 26:43 "All the families of the Shuhamites, according to those that were numbered of them, were threescore and four thousand and four hundred."
Aspect26, Numbers 26:47 "These are the families of the sons of Asher according to those that were numbered of them; who were fifty and three thousand and four hundred."
Aspect26, Numbers 31:13 "And Moses, and Eleazar the priest, and all the princes of the congregation, went forth to meet them without the camp."
Aspect26, Numbers 31:18 "But all the women children, that have not known a man by lying with him, keep alive for yourselves."
Aspect26, Numbers 32:26 "Our little ones, our wives, our flocks, and all our cattle, shall be there in the cities of Gilead:"
Aspect26, Numbers 33:1 "These are the journeys of the children of Israel, which went forth out of the land of Egypt with their armies under the hand of Moses and Aaron."
Aspect26, Numbers 33:3 "And they departed from Rameses in the first month, on the fifteenth day of the first month; on the morrow after the passover the children of Israel went out with an high hand in the sight of all the Egyptians."
Aspect26, Numbers 33:5 "And the children of Israel removed from Rameses, and pitched in Succoth."
Aspect26, Numbers 33:9 "And they removed from Marah, and came unto Elim: and in Elim were twelve fountains of water, and threescore and ten palm trees; and they pitched there."
Aspect26, Numbers 33:21 "And they removed from Libnah, and pitched at Rissah."
Aspect26, Numbers 33:22 "And they journeyed from Rissah, and pitched in Kehelathah."
Aspect26, Numbers 33:23 "And they went from Kehelathah, and pitched in mount Shapher."
Aspect26, Numbers 33:25 "And they removed from Haradah, and pitched in Makheloth."
Aspect26, Numbers 33:29 "And they went from Mithcah, and pitched in Hashmonah."
Aspect26, Numbers 34:4 "And your border shall turn from the south to the ascent of Akrabbim, and pass on to Zin: and the going forth thereof shall be from the south to Kadeshbarnea, and shall go on to Hazaraddar, and pass on to Azmon:"
Aspect26, Numbers 35:21 "Or in enmity smite him with his hand, that he die: he that smote him shall surely be put to death; for he is a murderer: the revenger of blood shall slay the murderer, when he meeteth him."
Aspect26, Deuteronomy 13:13 "Certain men, the children of Belial, are gone out from among you, and have withdrawn the inhabitants of their city, saying, Let us go and serve other gods, which ye have not known;"
Aspect26, Deuteronomy 24:3 "And if the latter husband hate her, and write her a bill of divorcement, and giveth it in her hand, and sendeth her out of his house; or if the latter husband die, which took her to be his wife;"
Aspect26, Deuteronomy 24:16 "The fathers shall not be put to death for the children, neither shall the children be put to death for the fathers: every man shall be put to death for his own sin."
Aspect26, Deuteronomy 28:18 "Cursed shall be the fruit of thy body, and the fruit of thy land, the increase of thy kine, and the flocks of thy sheep."
Aspect26, Deuteronomy 28:42 "All thy trees and fruit of thy land shall the locust consume."
Aspect26, Deuteronomy 32:5 "They have corrupted themselves, their spot is not the spot of his children: they are a perverse and crooked generation."
Aspect26, Deuteronomy 32:20 "And he said, I will hide my face from them, I will see what their end shall be: for they are a very froward generation, children in whom is no faith."
Aspect26, Deuteronomy 34:3 "And the south, and the plain of the valley of Jericho, the city of palm trees, unto Zoar."
Aspect26, Deuteronomy 34:11 "In all the signs and the wonders, which the LORD sent him to do in the land of Egypt to Pharaoh, and to all his servants, and to all his land,"
Aspect26, Joshua 2:1 "And Joshua the son of Nun sent out of Shittim two men to spy secretly, saying, Go view the land, even Jericho. And they went, and came into an harlot's house, named Rahab, and lodged there."
Aspect26, Joshua 5:1 "And it came to pass, when all the kings of the Amorites, which were on the side of Jordan westward, and all the kings of the Canaanites, which were by the sea, heard that the LORD had dried up the waters of Jordan from before the children of Israel, until we were passed over, that their heart melted, neither was there spirit in them any more, because of the children of Israel."
Aspect26, Joshua 5:3 "And Joshua made him sharp knives, and circumcised the children of Israel at the hill of the foreskins."
Aspect26, Joshua 5:10 "And the children of Israel encamped in Gilgal, and kept the passover on the fourteenth day of the month at even in the plains of Jericho."
Aspect26, Joshua 5:11 "And they did eat of the old corn of the land on the morrow after the passover, unleavened cakes, and parched corn in the selfsame day."
Aspect26, Joshua 5:12 "And the manna ceased on the morrow after they had eaten of the old corn of the land; neither had the children of Israel manna any more; but they did eat of the fruit of the land of Canaan that year."
Aspect26, Joshua 6:14 "And the second day they compassed the city once, and returned into the camp: so they did six days."
Aspect26, Joshua 7:2 "And Joshua sent men from Jericho to Ai, which is beside Bethaven, on the east of Bethel, and spake unto them, saying, Go up and view the country. And the men went up and viewed Ai."
Aspect26, Joshua 8:13 "And when they had set the people, even all the host that was on the north of the city, and their liers in wait on the west of the city, Joshua went that night into the midst of the valley."
Aspect26, Joshua 8:17 "And there was not a man left in Ai or Bethel, that went not out after Israel: and they left the city open, and pursued after Israel."
Aspect26, Joshua 8:32 "And he wrote there upon the stones a copy of the law of Moses, which he wrote in the presence of the children of Israel."
Aspect26, Joshua 10:16 "But these five kings fled, and hid themselves in a cave at Makkedah."
Aspect26, Joshua 11:5 "And when all these kings were met together, they came and pitched together at the waters of Merom, to fight against Israel."
Aspect26, Joshua 11:19 "There was not a city that made peace with the children of Israel, save the Hivites the inhabitants of Gibeon: all other they took in battle."
Aspect26, Joshua 12:1 "Now these are the kings of the land, which the children of Israel smote, and possessed their land on the other side Jordan toward the rising of the sun, from the river Arnon unto mount Hermon, and all the plain on the east:"
Aspect26, Joshua 12:3 "And from the plain to the sea of Chinneroth on the east, and unto the sea of the plain, even the salt sea on the east, the way to Bethjeshimoth; and from the south, under Ashdothpisgah:"
Aspect26, Joshua 13:10 "And all the cities of Sihon king of the Amorites, which reigned in Heshbon, unto the border of the children of Ammon;"
Aspect26, Joshua 13:23 "And the border of the children of Reuben was Jordan, and the border thereof. This was the inheritance of the children of Reuben after their families, the cities and the villages thereof."
Aspect26, Joshua 15:6 "And the border went up to Bethhogla, and passed along by the north of Betharabah; and the border went up to the stone of Bohan the son of Reuben:"
Aspect26, Joshua 15:12 "And the west border was to the great sea, and the coast thereof. This is the coast of the children of Judah round about according to their families."
Aspect26, Joshua 15:15 "And he went up thence to the inhabitants of Debir: and the name of Debir before was Kirjathsepher."
Aspect26, Joshua 15:63 "As for the Jebusites the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the children of Judah could not drive them out; but the Jebusites dwell with the children of Judah at Jerusalem unto this day."
Aspect26, Joshua 16:5 "And the border of the children of Ephraim according to their families was thus: even the border of their inheritance on the east side was Atarothaddar, unto Bethhoron the upper;"
Aspect26, Joshua 16:6 "And the border went out toward the sea to Michmethah on the north side; and the border went about eastward unto Taanathshiloh, and passed by it on the east to Janohah;"
Aspect26, Joshua 16:7 "And it went down from Janohah to Ataroth, and to Naarath, and came to Jericho, and went out at Jordan."
Aspect26, Joshua 18:12 "And their border on the north side was from Jordan; and the border went up to the side of Jericho on the north side, and went up through the mountains westward; and the goings out thereof were at the wilderness of Bethaven."
Aspect26, Joshua 18:15 "And the south quarter was from the end of Kirjathjearim, and the border went out on the west, and went out to the well of waters of Nephtoah:"
Aspect26, Joshua 18:17 "And was drawn from the north, and went forth to Enshemesh, and went forth toward Geliloth, which is over against the going up of Adummim, and descended to the stone of Bohan the son of Reuben,"
Aspect26, Joshua 18:20 "And Jordan was the border of it on the east side. This was the inheritance of the children of Benjamin, by the coasts thereof round about, according to their families."
Aspect26, Joshua 19:1 "And the second lot came forth to Simeon, even for the tribe of the children of Simeon according to their families: and their inheritance was within the inheritance of the children of Judah."
Aspect26, Joshua 19:7 "Ain, Remmon, and Ether, and Ashan; four cities and their villages:"
Aspect26, Joshua 19:11 "And their border went up toward the sea, and Maralah, and reached to Dabbasheth, and reached to the river that is before Jokneam;"
Aspect26, Joshua 19:32 "The sixth lot came out to the children of Naphtali, even for the children of Naphtali according to their families."
Aspect26, Joshua 21:18 "Anathoth with her suburbs, and Almon with her suburbs; four cities."
Aspect26, Joshua 21:26 "All the cities were ten with their suburbs for the families of the children of Kohath that remained."
Aspect26, Joshua 22:12 "And when the children of Israel heard of it, the whole congregation of the children of Israel gathered themselves together at Shiloh, to go up to war against them."
Aspect26, Joshua 22:30 "And when Phinehas the priest, and the princes of the congregation and heads of the thousands of Israel which were with him, heard the words that the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the children of Manasseh spake, it pleased them."
Aspect26, Joshua 24:11 "And you went over Jordan, and came unto Jericho: and the men of Jericho fought against you, the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Girgashites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites; and I delivered them into your hand."
Aspect26, Joshua 24:12 "And I sent the hornet before you, which drave them out from before you, even the two kings of the Amorites; but not with thy sword, nor with thy bow."
Aspect26, Judges 1:4 "And Judah went up; and the LORD delivered the Canaanites and the Perizzites into their hand: and they slew of them in Bezek ten thousand men."
Aspect26, Judges 1:8 "Now the children of Judah had fought against Jerusalem, and had taken it, and smitten it with the edge of the sword, and set the city on fire."
Aspect26, Judges 1:11 "And from thence he went against the inhabitants of Debir: and the name of Debir before was Kirjathsepher:"
Aspect26, Judges 1:16 "And the children of the Kenite, Moses' father in law, went up out of the city of palm trees with the children of Judah into the wilderness of Judah, which lieth in the south of Arad; and they went and dwelt among the people."
Aspect26, Judges 1:17 "And Judah went with Simeon his brother, and they slew the Canaanites that inhabited Zephath, and utterly destroyed it. And the name of the city was called Hormah."
Aspect26, Judges 2:19 "And it came to pass, when the judge was dead, that they returned, and corrupted themselves more than their fathers, in following other gods to serve them, and to bow down unto them; they ceased not from their own doings, nor from their stubborn way."
Aspect26, Judges 2:23 "Therefore the LORD left those nations, without driving them out hastily; neither delivered he them into the hand of Joshua."
Aspect26, Judges 3:13 "And he gathered unto him the children of Ammon and Amalek, and went and smote Israel, and possessed the city of palm trees."
Aspect26, Judges 5:7 "The inhabitants of the villages ceased, they ceased in Israel, until that I Deborah arose, that I arose a mother in Israel."
Aspect26, Judges 6:28 "And when the men of the city arose early in the morning, behold, the altar of Baal was cast down, and the grove was cut down that was by it, and the second bullock was offered upon the altar that was built."
Aspect26, Judges 6:33 "Then all the Midianites and the Amalekites and the children of the east were gathered together, and went over, and pitched in the valley of Jezreel."
Aspect26, Judges 7:15 "And it was so, when Gideon heard the telling of the dream, and the interpretation thereof, that he worshipped, and returned into the host of Israel, and said, Arise; for the LORD hath delivered into your hand the host of Midian."
Aspect26, Judges 7:22 "And the three hundred blew the trumpets, and the LORD set every man's sword against his fellow, even throughout all the host: and the host fled to Bethshittah in Zererath, and to the border of Abelmeholah, unto Tabbath."
Aspect26, Judges 8:12 "And when Zebah and Zalmunna fled, he pursued after them, and took the two kings of Midian, Zebah and Zalmunna, and discomfited all the host."
Aspect26, Judges 9:8 "The trees went forth on a time to anoint a king over them; and they said unto the olive tree, Reign thou over us."
Aspect26, Judges 9:39 "And Gaal went out before the men of Shechem, and fought with Abimelech."
Aspect26, Judges 9:53 "And a certain woman cast a piece of a millstone upon Abimelech's head, and all to brake his skull."
Aspect26, Judges 10:7 "And the anger of the LORD was hot against Israel, and he sold them into the hands of the Philistines, and into the hands of the children of Ammon."
Aspect26, Judges 10:8 "And that year they vexed and oppressed the children of Israel: eighteen years, all the children of Israel that were on the other side Jordan in the land of the Amorites, which is in Gilead."
Aspect26, Judges 10:11 "And the LORD said unto the children of Israel, Did not I deliver you from the Egyptians, and from the Amorites, from the children of Ammon, and from the Philistines?"
Aspect26, Judges 11:5 "And it was so, that when the children of Ammon made war against Israel, the elders of Gilead went to fetch Jephthah out of the land of Tob:"
Aspect26, Judges 11:27 "Wherefore I have not sinned against thee, but thou doest me wrong to war against me: the LORD the Judge be judge this day between the children of Israel and the children of Ammon."
Aspect26, Judges 11:28 "Howbeit the king of the children of Ammon hearkened not unto the words of Jephthah which he sent him."
Aspect26, Judges 11:31 "Then it shall be, that whatsoever cometh forth of the doors of my house to meet me, when I return in peace from the children of Ammon, shall surely be the LORD's, and I will offer it up for a burnt offering."
Aspect26, Judges 11:40 "That the daughters of Israel went yearly to lament the daughter of Jephthah the Gileadite four days in a year."
Aspect26, Judges 12:11 "And after him Elon, a Zebulonite, judged Israel; and he judged Israel ten years."
Aspect26, Judges 14:1 "And Samson went down to Timnath, and saw a woman in Timnath of the daughters of the Philistines."
Aspect26, Judges 14:8 "And after a time he returned to take her, and he turned aside to see the carcass of the lion: and, behold, there was a swarm of bees and honey in the carcass of the lion."
Aspect26, Judges 14:17 "And she wept before him the seven days, while their feast lasted: and it came to pass on the seventh day, that he told her, because she lay sore upon him: and she told the riddle to the children of her people."
Aspect26, Judges 15:4 "And Samson went and caught three hundred foxes, and took firebrands, and turned tail to tail, and put a firebrand in the midst between two tails."
Aspect26, Judges 15:9 "Then the Philistines went up, and pitched in Judah, and spread themselves in Lehi."
Aspect26, Judges 15:20 "And he judged Israel in the days of the Philistines twenty years."
Aspect26, Judges 16:1 "Then went Samson to Gaza, and saw there an harlot, and went in unto her."
Aspect26, Judges 16:3 "And Samson lay till midnight, and arose at midnight, and took the doors of the gate of the city, and the two posts, and went away with them, bar and all, and put them upon his shoulders, and carried them up to the top of an hill that is before Hebron."
Aspect26, Judges 18:12 "And they went up, and pitched in Kirjathjearim, in Judah: wherefore they called that place Mahanehdan unto this day: behold, it is behind Kirjathjearim."
Aspect26, Judges 18:16 "And the six hundred men appointed with their weapons of war, which were of the children of Dan, stood by the entering of the gate."
Aspect26, Judges 18:22 "And when they were a good way from the house of Micah, the men that were in the houses near to Micah's house were gathered together, and overtook the children of Dan."
Aspect26, Judges 18:26 "And the children of Dan went their way: and when Micah saw that they were too strong for him, he turned and went back unto his house."
Aspect26, Judges 19:2 "And his concubine played the whore against him, and went away from him unto her father's house to Bethlehemjudah, and was there four whole months."
Aspect26, Judges 19:14 "And they passed on and went their way; and the sun went down upon them when they were by Gibeah, which belongeth to Benjamin."
Aspect26, Judges 19:15 "And they turned aside thither, to go in and to lodge in Gibeah: and when he went in, he sat him down in a street of the city: for there was no man that took them into his house to lodging."
Aspect26, Judges 20:3 "(Now the children of Benjamin heard that the children of Israel were gone up to Mizpeh.) Then said the children of Israel, Tell us, how was this wickedness?"
Aspect26, Judges 20:21 "And the children of Benjamin came forth out of Gibeah, and destroyed down to the ground of the Israelites that day twenty and two thousand men."
Aspect26, Judges 20:25 "And Benjamin went forth against them out of Gibeah the second day, and destroyed down to the ground of the children of Israel again eighteen thousand men; all these drew the sword."
Aspect26, Judges 20:36 "So the children of Benjamin saw that they were smitten: for the men of Israel gave place to the Benjamites, because they trusted unto the liers in wait which they had set beside Gibeah."
Aspect26, Judges 20:47 "But six hundred men turned and fled to the wilderness unto the rock Rimmon, and abode in the rock Rimmon four months."
Aspect26, Judges 21:23 "And the children of Benjamin did so, and took them wives, according to their number, of them that danced, whom they caught: and they went and returned unto their inheritance, and repaired the cities, and dwelt in them."
Aspect26, Ruth 1:6 "Then she arose with her daughters in law, that she might return from the country of Moab: for she had heard in the country of Moab how that the LORD had visited his people in giving them bread."
Aspect26, Ruth 1:7 "Wherefore she went forth out of the place where she was, and her two daughters in law with her; and they went on the way to return unto the land of Judah."
Aspect26, Ruth 2:18 "And she took it up, and went into the city: and her mother in law saw what she had gleaned: and she brought forth, and gave to her that she had reserved after she was sufficed."
Aspect26, Ruth 4:18 "Now these are the generations of Pharez: Pharez begat Hezron,"
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 2:22 "Now Eli was very old, and heard all that his sons did unto all Israel; and how they lay with the women that assembled at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 4:1 "And the word of Samuel came to all Israel. Now Israel went out against the Philistines to battle, and pitched beside Ebenezer: and the Philistines pitched in Aphek."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 4:2 "And the Philistines put themselves in array against Israel: and when they joined battle, Israel was smitten before the Philistines: and they slew of the army in the field about four thousand men."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 6:12 "And the kine took the straight way to the way of Bethshemesh, and went along the highway, lowing as they went, and turned not aside to the right hand or to the left; and the lords of the Philistines went after them unto the border of Bethshemesh."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 7:7 "And when the Philistines heard that the children of Israel were gathered together to Mizpeh, the lords of the Philistines went up against Israel. And when the children of Israel heard it, they were afraid of the Philistines."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 7:11 "And the men of Israel went out of Mizpeh, and pursued the Philistines, and smote them, until they came under Bethcar."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 7:15 "And Samuel judged Israel all the days of his life."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 13:4 "And all Israel heard say that Saul had smitten a garrison of the Philistines, and that Israel also was had in abomination with the Philistines. And the people were called together after Saul to Gilgal."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 13:20 "But all the Israelites went down to the Philistines, to sharpen every man his share, and his coulter, and his axe, and his mattock."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 13:23 "And the garrison of the Philistines went out to the passage of Michmash."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 14:21 "Moreover the Hebrews that were with the Philistines before that time, which went up with them into the camp from the country round about, even they also turned to be with the Israelites that were with Saul and Jonathan."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 14:31 "And they smote the Philistines that day from Michmash to Aijalon: and the people were very faint."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 14:46 "Then Saul went up from following the Philistines: and the Philistines went to their own place."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 15:3 "Now go and smite Amalek, and utterly destroy all that they have, and spare them not; but slay both man and woman, infant and suckling, ox and sheep, camel and ass."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 17:4 "And there went out a champion out of the camp of the Philistines, named Goliath, of Gath, whose height was six cubits and a span."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 17:11 "When Saul and all Israel heard those words of the Philistine, they were dismayed, and greatly afraid."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 17:52 "And the men of Israel and of Judah arose, and shouted, and pursued the Philistines, until thou come to the valley, and to the gates of Ekron. And the wounded of the Philistines fell down by the way to Shaaraim, even unto Gath, and unto Ekron."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 17:53 "And the children of Israel returned from chasing after the Philistines, and they spoiled their tents."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 18:5 "And David went out whithersoever Saul sent him, and behaved himself wisely: and Saul set him over the men of war, and he was accepted in the sight of all the people, and also in the sight of Saul's servants."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 18:16 "But all Israel and Judah loved David, because he went out and came in before them."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 18:30 "Then the princes of the Philistines went forth: and it came to pass, after they went forth, that David behaved himself more wisely than all the servants of Saul; so that his name was much set by."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 19:8 "And there was war again: and David went out, and fought with the Philistines, and slew them with a great slaughter; and they fled from him."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 20:41 "And as soon as the lad was gone, David arose out of a place toward the south, and fell on his face to the ground, and bowed himself three times: and they kissed one another, and wept one with another, until David exceeded."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 23:13 "Then David and his men, which were about six hundred, arose and departed out of Keilah, and went whithersoever they could go. And it was told Saul that David was escaped from Keilah; and he forbare to go forth."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 23:28 "Wherefore Saul returned from pursuing after David, and went against the Philistines: therefore they called that place Selahammahlekoth."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 25:12 "So David's young men turned their way, and went again, and came and told him all those sayings."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 25:42 "And Abigail hasted, and arose and rode upon an ass, with five damsels of hers that went after her; and she went after the messengers of David, and became his wife."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 27:8 "And David and his men went up, and invaded the Geshurites, and the Gezrites, and the Amalekites: for those nations were of old the inhabitants of the land, as thou goest to Shur, even unto the land of Egypt."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 29:11 "So David and his men rose up early to depart in the morning, to return into the land of the Philistines. And the Philistines went up to Jezreel."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 30:14 "We made an invasion upon the south of the Cherethites, and upon the coast which belongeth to Judah, and upon the south of Caleb; and we burned Ziklag with fire."
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 30:27 "To them which were in Bethel, and to them which were in south Ramoth, and to them which were in Jattir,"
Aspect26, 1 Samuel 31:11 "And when the inhabitants of Jabeshgilead heard of that which the Philistines had done to Saul;"
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 2:11 "And the time that David was king in Hebron over the house of Judah was seven years and six months."
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 2:29 "And Abner and his men walked all that night through the plain, and passed over Jordan, and went through all Bithron, and they came to Mahanaim."
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 3:16 "And her husband went with her along weeping behind her to Bahurim. Then said Abner unto him, Go, return. And he returned."
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 5:17 "But when the Philistines heard that they had anointed David king over Israel, all the Philistines came up to seek David; and David heard of it, and went down to the hold."
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 10:7 "And when David heard of it, he sent Joab, and all the host of the mighty men."
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 10:19 "And when all the kings that were servants to Hadarezer saw that they were smitten before Israel, they made peace with Israel, and served them. So the Syrians feared to help the children of Ammon any more."
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 11:1 "And it came to pass, after the year was expired, at the time when kings go forth to battle, that David sent Joab, and his servants with him, and all Israel; and they destroyed the children of Ammon, and besieged Rabbah. But David tarried still at Jerusalem."
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 11:13 "And when David had called him, he did eat and drink before him; and he made him drunk: and at even he went out to lie on his bed with the servants of his lord, but went not down to his house."
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 11:18 "Then Joab sent and told David all the things concerning the war;"
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 11:26 "And when the wife of Uriah heard that Uriah her husband was dead, she mourned for her husband."
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 12:25 "And he sent by the hand of Nathan the prophet; and he called his name Jedidiah, because of the LORD."
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 15:11 "And with Absalom went two hundred men out of Jerusalem, that were called; and they went in their simplicity, and they knew not any thing."
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 15:16 "And the king went forth, and all his household after him. And the king left ten women, which were concubines, to keep the house."
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 15:17 "And the king went forth, and all the people after him, and tarried in a place that was far off."
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 15:30 "And David went up by the ascent of mount Olivet, and wept as he went up, and had his head covered, and he went barefoot: and all the people that was with him covered every man his head, and they went up, weeping as they went up."
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 16:13 "And as David and his men went by the way, Shimei went along on the hill's side over against him, and cursed as he went, and threw stones at him, and cast dust."
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 16:22 "So they spread Absalom a tent upon the top of the house; and Absalom went in unto his father's concubines in the sight of all Israel."
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 18:9 "And Absalom met the servants of David. And Absalom rode upon a mule, and the mule went under the thick boughs of a great oak, and his head caught hold of the oak, and he was taken up between the heaven and the earth; and the mule that was under him went away."
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 18:24 "And David sat between the two gates: and the watchman went up to the roof over the gate unto the wall, and lifted up his eyes, and looked, and behold a man running alone."
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 20:5 "So Amasa went to assemble the men of Judah: but he tarried longer than the set time which he had appointed him."
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 20:7 "And there went out after him Joab's men, and the Cherethites, and the Pelethites, and all the mighty men: and they went out of Jerusalem, to pursue after Sheba the son of Bichri."
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 20:8 "When they were at the great stone which is in Gibeon, Amasa went before them. And Joab's garment that he had put on was girded unto him, and upon it a girdle with a sword fastened upon his loins in the sheath thereof; and as he went forth it fell out."
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 21:2 "And the king called the Gibeonites, and said unto them; (now the Gibeonites were not of the children of Israel, but of the remnant of the Amorites; and the children of Israel had sworn unto them: and Saul sought to slay them in his zeal to the children of Israel and Judah.)"
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 21:15 "Moreover the Philistines had yet war again with Israel; and David went down, and his servants with him, and fought against the Philistines: and David waxed faint."
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 22:5 "When the waves of death compassed me, the floods of ungodly men made me afraid;"
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 22:9 "There went up a smoke out of his nostrils, and fire out of his mouth devoured: coals were kindled by it."
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 23:4 "And he shall be as the light of the morning, when the sun riseth, even a morning without clouds; as the tender grass springing out of the earth by clear shining after rain."
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 23:13 "And three of the thirty chief went down, and came to David in the harvest time unto the cave of Adullam: and the troop of the Philistines pitched in the valley of Rephaim."
Aspect26, 2 Samuel 23:23 "He was more honorable than the thirty, but he attained not to the first three. And David set him over his guard."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 1:49 "And all the guests that were with Adonijah were afraid, and rose up, and went every man his way."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 4:30 "And Solomon's wisdom excelled the wisdom of all the children of the east country, and all the wisdom of Egypt."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 6:26 "The height of the one cherub was ten cubits, and so was it of the other cherub."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 6:38 "And in the eleventh year, in the month Bul, which is the eighth month, was the house finished throughout all the parts thereof, and according to all the fashion of it. So was he seven years in building it."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 7:9 "All these were of costly stones, according to the measures of hewed stones, sawed with saws, within and without, even from the foundation unto the coping, and so on the outside toward the great court."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 7:10 "And the foundation was of costly stones, even great stones, stones of ten cubits, and stones of eight cubits."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 7:11 "And above were costly stones, after the measures of hewed stones, and cedars."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 7:19 "And the chapiters that were upon the top of the pillars were of lily work in the porch, four cubits."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 7:27 "And he made ten bases of brass; four cubits was the length of one base, and four cubits the breadth thereof, and three cubits the height of it."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 7:34 "And there were four undersetters to the four corners of one base: and the undersetters were of the very base itself."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 8:1 "Then Solomon assembled the elders of Israel, and all the heads of the tribes, the chief of the fathers of the children of Israel, unto king Solomon in Jerusalem, that they might bring up the ark of the covenant of the LORD out of the city of David, which is Zion."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 8:7 "For the cherubim spread forth their two wings over the place of the ark, and the cherubim covered the ark and the staves thereof above."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 8:22 "And Solomon stood before the altar of the LORD in the presence of all the congregation of Israel, and spread forth his hands toward heaven:"
Aspect26, 1 Kings 9:20 "And all the people that were left of the Amorites, Hittites, Perizzites, Hivites, and Jebusites, which were not of the children of Israel,"
Aspect26, 1 Kings 10:29 "And a chariot came up and went out of Egypt for six hundred shekels of silver, and an horse for an hundred and fifty: and so for all the kings of the Hittites, and for the kings of Syria, did they bring them out by their means."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 11:5 "For Solomon went after Ashtoreth the goddess of the Zidonians, and after Milcom the abomination of the Ammonites."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 11:7 "Then did Solomon build an high place for Chemosh, the abomination of Moab, in the hill that is before Jerusalem, and for Molech, the abomination of the children of Ammon."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 11:19 "And Hadad found great favor in the sight of Pharaoh, so that he gave him to wife the sister of his own wife, the sister of Tahpenes the queen."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 11:29 "And it came to pass at that time when Jeroboam went out of Jerusalem, that the prophet Ahijah the Shilonite found him in the way; and he had clad himself with a new garment; and they two were alone in the field:"
Aspect26, 1 Kings 13:10 "So he went another way, and returned not by the way that he came to Bethel."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 14:9 "But hast done evil above all that were before thee: for thou hast gone and made thee other gods, and molten images, to provoke me to anger, and hast cast me behind thy back:"
Aspect26, 1 Kings 14:28 "And it was so, when the king went into the house of the LORD, that the guard bare them, and brought them back into the guard chamber."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 15:6 "And there was war between Rehoboam and Jeroboam all the days of his life."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 15:13 "And also Maachah his mother, even her he removed from being queen, because she had made an idol in a grove; and Asa destroyed her idol, and burnt it by the brook Kidron."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 15:17 "And Baasha king of Israel went up against Judah, and built Ramah, that he might not suffer any to go out or come in to Asa king of Judah."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 16:17 "And Omri went up from Gibbethon, and all Israel with him, and they besieged Tirzah."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 18:6 "So they divided the land between them to pass throughout it: Ahab went one way by himself, and Obadiah went another way by himself."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 18:16 "So Obadiah went to meet Ahab, and told him: and Ahab went to meet Elijah."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 18:22 "Then said Elijah unto the people, I, even I only, remain a prophet of the LORD; but Baal's prophets are four hundred and fifty men."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 19:3 "And when he saw that, he arose, and went for his life, and came to Beersheba, which belongeth to Judah, and left his servant there."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 19:4 "But he himself went a day's journey into the wilderness, and came and sat down under a juniper tree: and he requested for himself that he might die; and said, It is enough; now, O LORD, take away my life; for I am not better than my fathers."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 20:1 "And Benhadad the king of Syria gathered all his host together: and there were thirty and two kings with him, and horses, and chariots; and he went up and besieged Samaria, and warred against it."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 20:16 "And they went out at noon. But Benhadad was drinking himself drunk in the pavilions, he and the kings, the thirty and two kings that helped him."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 20:27 "And the children of Israel were numbered, and were all present, and went against them: and the children of Israel pitched before them like two little flocks of kids; but the Syrians filled the country."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 22:36 "And there went a proclamation throughout the host about the going down of the sun, saying, Every man to his city, and every man to his own country."
Aspect26, 1 Kings 22:48 "Jehoshaphat made ships of Tharshish to go to Ophir for gold: but they went not; for the ships were broken at Eziongeber."
Aspect26, 2 Kings 1:13 "And he sent again a captain of the third fifty with his fifty. And the third captain of fifty went up, and came and fell on his knees before Elijah, and besought him, and said unto him, O man of God, I pray thee, let my life, and the life of these fifty thy servants, be precious in thy sight."
Aspect26, 2 Kings 2:7 "And fifty men of the sons of the prophets went, and stood to view afar off: and they two stood by Jordan."
Aspect26, 2 Kings 2:23 "And he went up from thence unto Bethel: and as he was going up by the way, there came forth little children out of the city, and mocked him, and said unto him, Go up, thou bald head; go up, thou bald head."
Aspect26, 2 Kings 3:25 "And they beat down the cities, and on every good piece of land cast every man his stone, and filled it; and they stopped all the wells of water, and felled all the good trees: only in Kirharaseth left they the stones thereof; howbeit the slingers went about it, and smote it."
Aspect26, 2 Kings 6:24 "And it came to pass after this, that Benhadad king of Syria gathered all his host, and went up, and besieged Samaria."
Aspect26, 2 Kings 7:3 "And there were four leprous men at the entering in of the gate: and they said one to another, Why sit we here until we die?"
Aspect26, 2 Kings 9:4 "So the young man, even the young man the prophet, went to Ramothgilead."
Aspect26, 2 Kings 9:16 "So Jehu rode in a chariot, and went to Jezreel; for Joram lay there. And Ahaziah king of Judah was come down to see Joram."
Aspect26, 2 Kings 10:25 "And it came to pass, as soon as he had made an end of offering the burnt offering, that Jehu said to the guard and to the captains, Go in, and slay them; let none come forth. And they smote them with the edge of the sword; and the guard and the captains cast them out, and went to the city of the house of Baal."
Aspect26, 2 Kings 12:20 "And his servants arose, and made a conspiracy, and slew Joash in the house of Millo, which goeth down to Silla."
Aspect26, 2 Kings 14:6 "But the children of the murderers he slew not: according unto that which is written in the book of the law of Moses, wherein the LORD commanded, saying, The fathers shall not be put to death for the children, nor the children be put to death for the fathers; but every man shall be put to death for his own sin."
Aspect26, 2 Kings 16:3 "But he walked in the way of the kings of Israel, yea, and made his son to pass through the fire, according to the abominations of the heathen, whom the LORD cast out from before the children of Israel."
Aspect26, 2 Kings 17:31 "And the Avites made Nibhaz and Tartak, and the Sepharvites burnt their children in fire to Adrammelech and Anammelech, the gods of Sepharvaim."
Aspect26, 2 Kings 17:41 "So these nations feared the LORD, and served their graven images, both their children, and their children's children: as did their fathers, so do they unto this day."
Aspect26, 2 Kings 19:26 "Therefore their inhabitants were of small power, they were dismayed and confounded; they were as the grass of the field, and as the green herb, as the grass on the house tops, and as corn blasted before it be grown up."
Aspect26, 2 Kings 19:36 "So Sennacherib king of Assyria departed, and went and returned, and dwelt at Nineveh."
Aspect26, 2 Kings 21:9 "But they hearkened not: and Manasseh seduced them to do more evil than did the nations whom the LORD destroyed before the children of Israel."
Aspect26, 2 Kings 21:15 "Because they have done that which was evil in my sight, and have provoked me to anger, since the day their fathers came forth out of Egypt, even unto this day."
Aspect26, 2 Kings 21:16 "Moreover Manasseh shed innocent blood very much, till he had filled Jerusalem from one end to another; beside his sin wherewith he made Judah to sin, in doing that which was evil in the sight of the LORD."
Aspect26, 2 Kings 22:1 "Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned thirty and one years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Jedidah, the daughter of Adaiah of Boscath."
Aspect26, 2 Kings 23:22 "Surely there was not holden such a passover from the days of the judges that judged Israel, nor in all the days of the kings of Israel, nor of the kings of Judah;"
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 1:16 "And the Arvadite, and the Zemarite, and the Hamathite."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 1:29 "These are their generations: The firstborn of Ishmael, Nebaioth; then Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam,"
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 4:27 "And Shimei had sixteen sons and six daughters: but his brethren had not many children, neither did all their family multiply, like to the children of Judah."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 4:38 "These mentioned by their names were princes in their families: and the house of their fathers increased greatly."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 4:39 "And they went to the entrance of Gedor, even unto the east side of the valley, to seek pasture for their flocks."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 5:7 "And his brethren by their families, when the genealogy of their generations was reckoned, were the chief, Jeiel, and Zechariah,"
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 5:24 "And these were the heads of the house of their fathers, even Epher, and Ishi, and Eliel, and Azriel, and Jeremiah, and Hodaviah, and Jahdiel, mighty men of valor, famous men, and heads of the house of their fathers."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 6:64 "And the children of Israel gave to the Levites these cities with their suburbs."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 7:4 "And with them, by their generations, after the house of their fathers, were bands of soldiers for war, six and thirty thousand men: for they had many wives and sons."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 7:11 "All these the sons of Jediael, by the heads of their fathers, mighty men of valor, were seventeen thousand and two hundred soldiers, fit to go out for war and battle."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 7:23 "And when he went in to his wife, she conceived, and bare a son, and he called his name Beriah, because it went evil with his house."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 8:6 "And these are the sons of Ehud: these are the heads of the fathers of the inhabitants of Geba, and they removed them to Manahath:"
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 9:9 "And their brethren, according to their generations, nine hundred and fifty and six. All these men were chief of the fathers in the house of their fathers."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 9:24 "In four quarters were the porters, toward the east, west, north, and south."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 9:26 "For these Levites, the four chief porters, were in their set office, and were over the chambers and treasuries of the house of God."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 10:3 "And the battle went sore against Saul, and the archers hit him, and he was wounded of the archers."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 10:11 "And when all Jabeshgilead heard all that the Philistines had done to Saul,"
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 11:4 "And David and all Israel went to Jerusalem, which is Jebus; where the Jebusites were, the inhabitants of the land."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 12:15 "These are they that went over Jordan in the first month, when it had overflown all his banks; and they put to flight all them of the valleys, both toward the east, and toward the west."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 12:26 "Of the children of Levi four thousand and six hundred."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 12:33 "Of Zebulun, such as went forth to battle, expert in war, with all instruments of war, fifty thousand, which could keep rank: they were not of double heart."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 14:8 "And when the Philistines heard that David was anointed king over all Israel, all the Philistines went up to seek David. And David heard of it, and went out against them."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 14:12 "And when they had left their gods there, David gave a commandment, and they were burned with fire."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 15:1 "And David made him houses in the city of David, and prepared a place for the ark of God, and pitched for it a tent."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 16:20 "And when they went from nation to nation, and from one kingdom to another people;"
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 17:9 "Also I will ordain a place for my people Israel, and will plant them, and they shall dwell in their place, and shall be moved no more; neither shall the children of wickedness waste them any more, as at the beginning,"
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 19:5 "Then there went certain, and told David how the men were served. And he sent to meet them: for the men were greatly ashamed. And the king said, Tarry at Jericho until your beards be grown, and then return."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 19:8 "And when David heard of it, he sent Joab, and all the host of the mighty men."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 19:19 "And when the servants of Hadarezer saw that they were put to the worse before Israel, they made peace with David, and became his servants: neither would the Syrians help the children of Ammon any more."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 20:4 "And it came to pass after this, that there arose war at Gezer with the Philistines; at which time Sibbechai the Hushathite slew Sippai, that was of the children of the giant: and they were subdued."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 21:20 "And Ornan turned back, and saw the angel; and his four sons with him hid themselves. Now Ornan was threshing wheat."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 21:25 "So David gave to Ornan for the place six hundred shekels of gold by weight."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 23:4 "Of which, twenty and four thousand were to set forward the work of the house of the LORD; and six thousand were officers and judges:"
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 23:30 "And to stand every morning to thank and praise the LORD, and likewise at even:"
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 24:18 "The three and twentieth to Delaiah, the four and twentieth to Maaziah."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 26:17 "Eastward were six Levites, northward four a day, southward four a day, and toward Asuppim two and two."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 26:18 "At Parbar westward, four at the causeway, and two at Parbar."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 27:1 "Now the children of Israel after their number, to wit, the chief fathers and captains of thousands and hundreds, and their officers that served the king in any matter of the courses, which came in and went out month by month throughout all the months of the year, of every course were twenty and four thousand."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 27:3 "Of the children of Perez was the chief of all the captains of the host for the first month."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 27:9 "The sixth captain for the sixth month was Ira the son of Ikkesh the Tekoite: and in his course were twenty and four thousand."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 27:10 "The seventh captain for the seventh month was Helez the Pelonite, of the children of Ephraim: and in his course were twenty and four thousand."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 27:12 "The ninth captain for the ninth month was Abiezer the Anetothite, of the Benjamites: and in his course were twenty and four thousand."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 27:14 "The eleventh captain for the eleventh month was Benaiah the Pirathonite, of the children of Ephraim: and in his course were twenty and four thousand."
Aspect26, 1 Chronicles 27:15 "The twelfth captain for the twelfth month was Heldai the Netophathite, of Othniel: and in his course were twenty and four thousand."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 1:14 "And Solomon gathered chariots and horsemen: and he had a thousand and four hundred chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen, which he placed in the chariot cities, and with the king at Jerusalem."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 5:2 "Then Solomon assembled the elders of Israel, and all the heads of the tribes, the chief of the fathers of the children of Israel, unto Jerusalem, to bring up the ark of the covenant of the LORD out of the city of David, which is Zion."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 5:8 "For the cherubim spread forth their wings over the place of the ark, and the cherubim covered the ark and the staves thereof above."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 6:12 "And he stood before the altar of the LORD in the presence of all the congregation of Israel, and spread forth his hands:"
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 8:3 "And Solomon went to Hamathzobah, and prevailed against it."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 8:7 "As for all the people that were left of the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, which were not of Israel,"
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 8:18 "And Huram sent him by the hands of his servants ships, and servants that had knowledge of the sea; and they went with the servants of Solomon to Ophir, and took thence four hundred and fifty talents of gold, and brought them to king Solomon."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 9:26 "And he reigned over all the kings from the river even unto the land of the Philistines, and to the border of Egypt."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 15:10 "So they gathered themselves together at Jerusalem in the third month, in the fifteenth year of the reign of Asa."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 16:11 "And, behold, the acts of Asa, first and last, lo, they are written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 18:2 "And after certain years he went down to Ahab to Samaria. And Ahab killed sheep and oxen for him in abundance, and for the people that he had with him, and persuaded him to go up with him to Ramothgilead."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 20:13 "And all Judah stood before the LORD, with their little ones, their wives, and their children."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 20:20 "And they rose early in the morning, and went forth into the wilderness of Tekoa: and as they went forth, Jehoshaphat stood and said, Hear me, O Judah, and ye inhabitants of Jerusalem; Believe in the LORD your God, so shall ye be established; believe his prophets, so shall ye prosper."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 20:23 "For the children of Ammon and Moab stood up against the inhabitants of mount Seir, utterly to slay and destroy them: and when they had made an end of the inhabitants of Seir, every one helped to destroy another."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 20:31 "And Jehoshaphat reigned over Judah: he was thirty and five years old when he began to reign, and he reigned twenty and five years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Azubah the daughter of Shilhi."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 21:8 "In his days the Edomites revolted from under the dominion of Judah, and made themselves a king."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 21:9 "Then Jehoram went forth with his princes, and all his chariots with him: and he rose up by night, and smote the Edomites which compassed him in, and the captains of the chariots."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 21:20 "Thirty and two years old was he when he began to reign, and he reigned in Jerusalem eight years, and departed without being desired. Howbeit they buried him in the city of David, but not in the sepulchres of the kings."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 22:10 "But when Athaliah the mother of Ahaziah saw that her son was dead, she arose and destroyed all the seed royal of the house of Judah."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 23:2 "And they went about in Judah, and gathered the Levites out of all the cities of Judah, and the chief of the fathers of Israel, and they came to Jerusalem."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 24:16 "And they buried him in the city of David among the kings, because he had done good in Israel, both toward God, and toward his house."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 25:4 "But he slew not their children, but did as it is written in the law in the book of Moses, where the LORD commanded, saying, The fathers shall not die for the children, neither shall the children die for the fathers, but every man shall die for his own sin."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 25:11 "And Amaziah strengthened himself, and led forth his people, and went to the valley of salt, and smote of the children of Seir ten thousand."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 25:22 "And Judah was put to the worse before Israel, and they fled every man to his tent."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 26:6 "And he went forth and warred against the Philistines, and brake down the wall of Gath, and the wall of Jabneh, and the wall of Ashdod, and built cities about Ashdod, and among the Philistines."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 26:8 "And the Ammonites gave gifts to Uzziah: and his name spread abroad even to the entering in of Egypt; for he strengthened himself exceedingly."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 33:9 "So Manasseh made Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem to err, and to do worse than the heathen, whom the LORD had destroyed before the children of Israel."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 33:24 "And his servants conspired against him, and slew him in his own house."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 35:5 "And stand in the holy place according to the divisions of the families of the fathers of your brethren the people, and after the division of the families of the Levites."
Aspect26, 2 Chronicles 35:18 "And there was no passover like to that kept in Israel from the days of Samuel the prophet; neither did all the kings of Israel keep such a passover as Josiah kept, and the priests, and the Levites, and all Judah and Israel that were present, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem."
Aspect26, Ezra 1:10 "Thirty basins of gold, silver basins of a second sort four hundred and ten, and other vessels a thousand."
Aspect26, Ezra 2:7 "The children of Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four."
Aspect26, Ezra 2:14 "The children of Bigvai, two thousand fifty and six."
Aspect26, Ezra 2:15 "The children of Adin, four hundred fifty and four."
Aspect26, Ezra 2:22 "The men of Netophah, fifty and six."
Aspect26, Ezra 2:30 "The children of Magbish, an hundred fifty and six."
Aspect26, Ezra 2:31 "The children of the other Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four."
Aspect26, Ezra 2:40 "The Levites: the children of Jeshua and Kadmiel, of the children of Hodaviah, seventy and four."
Aspect26, Ezra 2:60 "The children of Delaiah, the children of Tobiah, the children of Nekoda, six hundred fifty and two."
Aspect26, Ezra 3:1 "And when the seventh month was come, and the children of Israel were in the cities, the people gathered themselves together as one man to Jerusalem."
Aspect26, Ezra 4:6 "And in the reign of Ahasuerus, in the beginning of his reign, wrote they unto him an accusation against the inhabitants of Judah and Jerusalem."
Aspect26, Ezra 5:8 "Be it known unto the king, that we went into the province of Judea, to the house of the great God, which is builded with great stones, and timber is laid in the walls, and this work goeth fast on, and prospereth in their hands."
Aspect26, Ezra 7:7 "And there went up some of the children of Israel, and of the priests, and the Levites, and the singers, and the porters, and the Nethinims, unto Jerusalem, in the seventh year of Artaxerxes the king."
Aspect26, Ezra 10:16 "And the children of the captivity did so. And Ezra the priest, with certain chief of the fathers, after the house of their fathers, and all of them by their names, were separated, and sat down in the first day of the tenth month to examine the matter."
Aspect26, Ezra 10:19 "And they gave their hands that they would put away their wives; and being guilty, they offered a ram of the flock for their trespass."
Aspect26, Nehemiah 2:14 "Then I went on to the gate of the fountain, and to the king's pool: but there was no place for the beast that was under me to pass."
Aspect26, Nehemiah 2:15 "Then went I up in the night by the brook, and viewed the wall, and turned back, and entered by the gate of the valley, and so returned."
Aspect26, Nehemiah 7:10 "The children of Arah, six hundred fifty and two."
Aspect26, Nehemiah 7:12 "The children of Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four."
Aspect26, Nehemiah 7:20 "The children of Adin, six hundred fifty and five."
Aspect26, Nehemiah 7:23 "The children of Bezai, three hundred twenty and four."
Aspect26, Nehemiah 7:34 "The children of the other Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four."
Aspect26, Nehemiah 7:43 "The Levites: the children of Jeshua, of Kadmiel, and of the children of Hodevah, seventy and four."
Aspect26, Nehemiah 8:17 "And all the congregation of them that were come again out of the captivity made booths, and sat under the booths: for since the days of Jeshua the son of Nun unto that day had not the children of Israel done so. And there was very great gladness."
Aspect26, Nehemiah 9:16 "But they and our fathers dealt proudly, and hardened their necks, and hearkened not to thy commandments,"
Aspect26, Nehemiah 9:24 "So the children went in and possessed the land, and thou subduedst before them the inhabitants of the land, the Canaanites, and gavest them into their hands, with their kings, and the people of the land, that they might do with them as they would."
Aspect26, Nehemiah 11:18 "All the Levites in the holy city were two hundred fourscore and four."
Aspect26, Nehemiah 12:32 "And after them went Hoshaiah, and half of the princes of Judah,"
Aspect26, Nehemiah 12:37 "And at the fountain gate, which was over against them, they went up by the stairs of the city of David, at the going up of the wall, above the house of David, even unto the water gate eastward."
Aspect26, Nehemiah 12:43 "Also that day they offered great sacrifices, and rejoiced: for God had made them rejoice with great joy: the wives also and the children rejoiced: so that the joy of Jerusalem was heard even afar off."
Aspect26, Nehemiah 13:2 "Because they met not the children of Israel with bread and with water, but hired Balaam against them, that he should curse them: howbeit our God turned the curse into a blessing."
Aspect26, Esther 3:7 "In the first month, that is, the month Nisan, in the twelfth year of king Ahasuerus, they cast Pur, that is, the lot, before Haman from day to day, and from month to month, to the twelfth month, that is, the month Adar."
Aspect26, Esther 3:13 "And the letters were sent by posts into all the king's provinces, to destroy, to kill, and to cause to perish, all Jews, both young and old, little children and women, in one day, even upon the thirteenth day of the twelfth month, which is the month Adar, and to take the spoil of them for a prey."
Aspect26, Esther 4:6 "So Hatach went forth to Mordecai unto the street of the city, which was before the king's gate."
Aspect26, Esther 4:17 "So Mordecai went his way, and did according to all that Esther had commanded him."
Aspect26, Job 3:5 "Let darkness and the shadow of death stain it; let a cloud dwell upon it; let the blackness of the day terrify it."
Aspect26, Job 5:4 "His children are far from safety, and they are crushed in the gate, neither is there any to deliver them."
Aspect26, Job 5:6 "Although affliction cometh not forth of the dust, neither doth trouble spring out of the ground;"
Aspect26, Job 6:29 "Return, I pray you, let it not be iniquity; yea, return again, my righteousness is in it."
Aspect26, Job 9:16 "If I had called, and he had answered me; yet would I not believe that he had hearkened unto my voice."
Aspect26, Job 12:22 "He discovereth deep things out of darkness, and bringeth out to light the shadow of death."
Aspect26, Job 18:5 "Yea, the light of the wicked shall be put out, and the spark of his fire shall not shine."
Aspect26, Job 19:7 "Behold, I cry out of wrong, but I am not heard: I cry aloud, but there is no judgment."
Aspect26, Job 21:7 "Wherefore do the wicked live, become old, yea, are mighty in power?"
Aspect26, Job 21:11 "They send forth their little ones like a flock, and their children dance."
Aspect26, Job 25:5 "Behold even to the moon, and it shineth not; yea, the stars are not pure in his sight."
Aspect26, Job 28:5 "As for the earth, out of it cometh bread: and under it is turned up as it were fire."
Aspect26, Job 28:27 "Then did he see it, and declare it; he prepared it, yea, and searched it out."
Aspect26, Job 29:12 "Because I delivered the poor that cried, and the fatherless, and him that had none to help him."
Aspect26, Job 30:2 "Yea, whereto might the strength of their hands profit me, in whom old age was perished?"
Aspect26, Job 30:8 "They were children of fools, yea, children of base men: they were viler than the earth."
Aspect26, Job 30:9 "And now am I their song, yea, I am their byword."
Aspect26, Job 30:28 "I went mourning without the sun: I stood up, and I cried in the congregation."
Aspect26, Job 31:11 "For this is an heinous crime; yea, it is an iniquity to be punished by the judges."
Aspect26, Job 33:15 "In a dream, in a vision of the night, when deep sleep falleth upon men, in slumberings upon the bed;"
Aspect26, Job 38:10 "And brake up for it my decreed place, and set bars and doors,"
Aspect26, Job 38:27 "To satisfy the desolate and waste ground; and to cause the bud of the tender herb to spring forth?"
Aspect26, Psalm 12:1 "Help, LORD; for the godly man ceaseth; for the faithful fail from among the children of men."
Aspect26, Psalm 18:4 "The sorrows of death compassed me, and the floods of ungodly men made me afraid."
Aspect26, Psalm 18:8 "There went up a smoke out of his nostrils, and fire out of his mouth devoured: coals were kindled by it."
Aspect26, Psalm 23:4 "Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me."
Aspect26, Psalm 26:4 "I have not sat with vain persons, neither will I go in with dissemblers."
Aspect26, Psalm 33:14 "From the place of his habitation he looketh upon all the inhabitants of the earth."
Aspect26, Psalm 35:14 "I behaved myself as though he had been my friend or brother: I bowed down heavily, as one that mourneth for his mother."
Aspect26, Psalm 36:7 "How excellent is thy lovingkindness, O God! therefore the children of men put their trust under the shadow of thy wings."
Aspect26, Psalm 37:8 "Cease from anger, and forsake wrath: fret not thyself in any wise to do evil."
Aspect26, Psalm 37:14 "The wicked have drawn out the sword, and have bent their bow, to cast down the poor and needy, and to slay such as be of upright conversation."
Aspect26, Psalm 46:9 "He maketh wars to cease unto the end of the earth; he breaketh the bow, and cutteth the spear in sunder; he burneth the chariot in the fire."
Aspect26, Psalm 59:11 "Slay them not, lest my people forget: scatter them by thy power; and bring them down, O Lord our shield."
Aspect26, Psalm 59:16 "But I will sing of thy power; yea, I will sing aloud of thy mercy in the morning: for thou hast been my defence and refuge in the day of my trouble."
Aspect26, Psalm 64:2 "Hide me from the secret counsel of the wicked; from the insurrection of the workers of iniquity:"
Aspect26, Psalm 66:6 "He turned the sea into dry land: they went through the flood on foot: there did we rejoice in him."
Aspect26, Psalm 74:9 "We see not our signs: there is no more any prophet: neither is there among us any that knoweth how long."
Aspect26, Psalm 75:6 "For promotion cometh neither from the east, nor from the west, nor from the south."
Aspect26, Psalm 77:5 "I have considered the days of old, the years of ancient times."
Aspect26, Psalm 78:6 "That the generation to come might know them, even the children which should be born; who should arise and declare them to their children:"
Aspect26, Psalm 78:9 "The children of Ephraim, being armed, and carrying bows, turned back in the day of battle."
Aspect26, Psalm 78:12 "Marvellous things did he in the sight of their fathers, in the land of Egypt, in the field of Zoan."
Aspect26, Psalm 78:34 "When he slew them, then they sought him: and they returned and enquired early after God."
Aspect26, Psalm 78:57 "But turned back, and dealt unfaithfully like their fathers: they were turned aside like a deceitful bow."
Aspect26, Psalm 81:5 "This he ordained in Joseph for a testimony, when he went out through the land of Egypt: where I heard a language that I understood not."
Aspect26, Psalm 83:7 "Gebal, and Ammon, and Amalek; the Philistines with the inhabitants of Tyre;"
Aspect26, Psalm 99:3 "Let them praise thy great and terrible name; for it is holy."
Aspect26, Psalm 102:7 "I watch, and am as a sparrow alone upon the house top."
Aspect26, Psalm 103:15 "As for man, his days are as grass: as a flower of the field, so he flourisheth."
Aspect26, Psalm 104:19 "He appointed the moon for seasons: the sun knoweth his going down."
Aspect26, Psalm 105:12 "When they were but a few men in number; yea, very few, and strangers in it."
Aspect26, Psalm 105:13 "When they went from one nation to another, from one kingdom to another people;"
Aspect26, Psalm 106:44 "Nevertheless he regarded their affliction, when he heard their cry:"
Aspect26, Psalm 109:7 "When he shall be judged, let him be condemned: and let his prayer become sin."
Aspect26, Psalm 109:14 "Let the iniquity of his fathers be remembered with the LORD; and let not the sin of his mother be blotted out."
Aspect26, Psalm 109:16 "Because that he remembered not to shew mercy, but persecuted the poor and needy man, that he might even slay the broken in heart."
Aspect26, Psalm 115:4 "Their idols are silver and gold, the work of men's hands."
Aspect26, Psalm 118:11 "They compassed me about; yea, they compassed me about: but in the name of the LORD I will destroy them."
Aspect26, Psalm 119:67 "Before I was afflicted I went astray: but now have I kept thy word."
Aspect26, Psalm 119:147 "I prevented the dawning of the morning, and cried: I hoped in thy word."
Aspect26, Psalm 129:5 "Let them all be confounded and turned back that hate Zion."
Aspect26, Psalm 132:12 "If thy children will keep my covenant and my testimony that I shall teach them, their children shall also sit upon thy throne for evermore."
Aspect26, Psalm 135:10 "Who smote great nations, and slew mighty kings;"
Aspect26, Psalm 135:15 "The idols of the heathen are silver and gold, the work of men's hands."
Aspect26, Psalm 137:1 "By the rivers of Babylon, there we sat down, yea, we wept, when we remembered Zion."
Aspect26, Psalm 148:9 "Mountains, and all hills; fruitful trees, and all cedars:"
Aspect26, Proverbs 1:17 "Surely in vain the net is spread in the sight of any bird."
Aspect26, Proverbs 6:17 "A proud look, a lying tongue, and hands that shed innocent blood,"
Aspect26, Proverbs 7:8 "Passing through the street near her corner; and he went the way to her house,"
Aspect26, Proverbs 7:12 "Now is she without, now in the streets, and lieth in wait at every corner.)"
Aspect26, Proverbs 7:23 "Till a dart strike through his liver; as a bird hasteth to the snare, and knoweth not that it is for his life."
Aspect26, Proverbs 8:17 "I love them that love me; and those that seek me early shall find me."
Aspect26, Proverbs 8:35 "For whoso findeth me findeth life, and shall obtain favour of the LORD."
Aspect26, Proverbs 10:17 "He is in the way of life that keepeth instruction: but he that refuseth reproof erreth."
Aspect26, Proverbs 10:30 "The righteous shall never be removed: but the wicked shall not inhabit the earth."
Aspect26, Proverbs 11:19 "As righteousness tendeth to life: so he that pursueth evil pursueth it to his own death."
Aspect26, Proverbs 11:30 "The fruit of the righteous is a tree of life; and he that winneth souls is wise."
Aspect26, Proverbs 12:12 "The wicked desireth the net of evil men: but the root of the righteous yieldeth fruit."
Aspect26, Proverbs 12:28 "In the way of righteousness is life: and in the pathway thereof there is no death."
Aspect26, Proverbs 13:14 "The law of the wise is a fountain of life, to depart from the snares of death."
Aspect26, Proverbs 14:19 "The evil bow before the good; and the wicked at the gates of the righteous."
Aspect26, Proverbs 17:13 "Whoso rewardeth evil for good, evil shall not depart from his house."
Aspect26, Proverbs 18:21 "Death and life are in the power of the tongue: and they that love it shall eat the fruit thereof."
Aspect26, Proverbs 22:10 "Cast out the scorner, and contention shall go out; yea, strife and reproach shall cease."
Aspect26, Proverbs 24:8 "He that deviseth to do evil shall be called a mischievous person."
Aspect26, Proverbs 25:6 "Put not forth thyself in the presence of the king, and stand not in the place of great men:"
Aspect26, Proverbs 30:15 "The horseleach hath two daughters, crying, Give, give. There are three things that are never satisfied, yea, four things say not, It is enough:"
Aspect26, Proverbs 30:24 "There be four things which are little upon the earth, but they are exceeding wise:"
Aspect26, Proverbs 30:29 "There be three things which go well, yea, four are comely in going:"
Aspect26, Proverbs 30:33 "Surely the churning of milk bringeth forth butter, and the wringing of the nose bringeth forth blood: so the forcing of wrath bringeth forth strife."
Aspect26, Proverbs 31:12 "She will do him good and not evil all the days of her life."
Aspect26, Proverbs 31:16 "She considereth a field, and buyeth it: with the fruit of her hands she planteth a vineyard."
Aspect26, Proverbs 31:20 "She stretcheth out her hand to the poor; yea, she reacheth forth her hands to the needy."
Aspect26, Ecclesiastes 4:11 "Again, if two lie together, then they have heat: but how can one be warm alone?"
Aspect26, Ecclesiastes 6:12 "For who knoweth what is good for man in this life, all the days of his vain life which he spendeth as a shadow? for who can tell a man what shall be after him under the sun?"
Aspect26, Ecclesiastes 7:19 "Wisdom strengtheneth the wise more than ten mighty men which are in the city."
Aspect26, Ecclesiastes 7:24 "That which is far off, and exceeding deep, who can find it out?"
Aspect26, Ecclesiastes 9:17 "The words of wise men are heard in quiet more than the cry of him that ruleth among fools."
Aspect26, Song of Solomon 1:2 "Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth: for thy love is better than wine."
Aspect26, Isaiah 3:2 "The mighty man, and the man of war, the judge, and the prophet, and the prudent, and the ancient,"
Aspect26, Isaiah 5:3 "And now, O inhabitants of Jerusalem, and men of Judah, judge, I pray you, betwixt me and my vineyard."
Aspect26, Isaiah 6:4 "And the posts of the door moved at the voice of him that cried, and the house was filled with smoke."
Aspect26, Isaiah 10:31 "Madmenah is removed; the inhabitants of Gebim gather themselves to flee."
Aspect26, Isaiah 11:4 "But with righteousness shall he judge the poor, and reprove with equity for the meek of the earth: and he shall smite the earth: with the rod of his mouth, and with the breath of his lips shall he slay the wicked."
Aspect26, Isaiah 13:11 "And I will punish the world for their evil, and the wicked for their iniquity; and I will cause the arrogancy of the proud to cease, and will lay low the haughtiness of the terrible."
Aspect26, Isaiah 21:7 "And he saw a chariot with a couple of horsemen, a chariot of asses, and a chariot of camels; and he hearkened diligently with much heed:"
Aspect26, Isaiah 30:2 "That walk to go down into Egypt, and have not asked at my mouth; to strengthen themselves in the strength of Pharaoh, and to trust in the shadow of Egypt!"
Aspect26, Isaiah 30:7 "For the Egyptians shall help in vain, and to no purpose: therefore have I cried concerning this, Their strength is to sit still."
Aspect26, Isaiah 37:27 "Therefore their inhabitants were of small power, they were dismayed and confounded: they were as the grass of the field, and as the green herb, as the grass on the housetops, and as corn blasted before it be grown up."
Aspect26, Isaiah 37:37 "So Sennacherib king of Assyria departed, and went and returned, and dwelt at Nineveh."
Aspect26, Isaiah 40:29 "He giveth power to the faint; and to them that have no might he increaseth strength."
Aspect26, Isaiah 41:2 "Who raised up the righteous man from the east, called him to his foot, gave the nations before him, and made him rule over kings? he gave them as the dust to his sword, and as driven stubble to his bow."
Aspect26, Isaiah 48:3 "I have declared the former things from the beginning; and they went forth out of my mouth, and I shewed them; I did them suddenly, and they came to pass."
Aspect26, Isaiah 55:12 "For ye shall go out with joy, and be led forth with peace: the mountains and the hills shall break forth before you into singing, and all the trees of the field shall clap their hands."
Aspect26, Isaiah 66:24 "And they shall go forth, and look upon the carcases of the men that have transgressed against me: for their worm shall not die, neither shall their fire be quenched; and they shall be an abhorring unto all flesh."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 5:8 "They were as fed horses in the morning: every one neighed after his neighbour's wife."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 6:7 "As a fountain casteth out her waters, so she casteth out her wickedness: violence and spoil is heard in her; before me continually is grief and wounds."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 6:24 "We have heard the fame thereof: our hands wax feeble: anguish hath taken hold of us, and pain, as of a woman in travail."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 7:24 "But they hearkened not, nor inclined their ear, but walked in the counsels and in the imagination of their evil heart, and went backward, and not forward."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 7:30 "For the children of Judah have done evil in my sight, saith the LORD: they have set their abominations in the house which is called by my name, to pollute it."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 8:6 "I hearkened and heard, but they spake not aright: no man repented him of his wickedness, saying, What have I done? every one turned to his course, as the horse rusheth into the battle."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 9:26 "Egypt, and Judah, and Edom, and the children of Ammon, and Moab, and all that are in the utmost corners, that dwell in the wilderness: for all these nations are uncircumcised, and all the house of Israel are uncircumcised in the heart."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 10:20 "My tabernacle is spoiled, and all my cords are broken: my children are gone forth of me, and they are not: there is none to stretch forth my tent any more, and to set up my curtains."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 11:10 "They are turned back to the iniquities of their forefathers, which refused to hear my words; and they went after other gods to serve them: the house of Israel and the house of Judah have broken my covenant which I made with their fathers."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 12:2 "Thou hast planted them, yea, they have taken root: they grow, yea, they bring forth fruit: thou art near in their mouth, and far from their reins."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 15:7 "And I will fan them with a fan in the gates of the land; I will bereave them of children, I will destroy my people since they return not from their ways."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 17:10 "I the LORD search the heart, I try the reins, even to give every man according to his ways, and according to the fruit of his doings."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 17:12 "A glorious high throne from the beginning is the place of our sanctuary."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 17:22 "Neither carry forth a burden out of your houses on the sabbath day, neither do ye any work, but hallow ye the sabbath day, as I commanded your fathers."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 18:11 "Now therefore go to, speak to the men of Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, saying, Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I frame evil against you, and devise a device against you: return ye now every one from his evil way, and make your ways and your doings good."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 19:4 "Because they have forsaken me, and have estranged this place, and have burned incense in it unto other gods, whom neither they nor their fathers have known, nor the kings of Judah, and have filled this place with the blood of innocents;"
Aspect26, Jeremiah 25:22 "And all the kings of Tyrus, and all the kings of Zidon, and the kings of the isles which are beyond the sea,"
Aspect26, Jeremiah 25:24 "And all the kings of Arabia, and all the kings of the mingled people that dwell in the desert,"
Aspect26, Jeremiah 25:25 "And all the kings of Zimri, and all the kings of Elam, and all the kings of the Medes,"
Aspect26, Jeremiah 28:17 "So Hananiah the prophet died the same year in the seventh month."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 30:6 "Ask ye now, and see whether a man doth travail with child? wherefore do I see every man with his hands on his loins, as a woman in travail, and all faces are turned into paleness?"
Aspect26, Jeremiah 31:15 "Thus saith the LORD; A voice was heard in Ramah, lamentation, and bitter weeping; Rahel weeping for her children refused to be comforted for her children, because they were not."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 32:30 "For the children of Israel and the children of Judah have only done evil before me from their youth: for the children of Israel have only provoked me to anger with the work of their hands, saith the LORD."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 32:32 "Because of all the evil of the children of Israel and of the children of Judah, which they have done to provoke me to anger, they, their kings, their princes, their priests, and their prophets, and the men of Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 36:31 "And I will punish him and his seed and his servants for their iniquity; and I will bring upon them, and upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and upon the men of Judah, all the evil that I have pronounced against them; but they hearkened not."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 37:12 "Then Jeremiah went forth out of Jerusalem to go into the land of Benjamin, to separate himself thence in the midst of the people."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 39:4 "And it came to pass, that when Zedekiah the king of Judah saw them, and all the men of war, then they fled, and went forth out of the city by night, by the way of the king's garden, by the gate betwixt the two walls: and he went out the way of the plain."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 41:6 "And Ishmael the son of Nethaniah went forth from Mizpah to meet them, weeping all along as he went: and it came to pass, as he met them, he said unto them, Come to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 44:9 "Have ye forgotten the wickedness of your fathers, and the wickedness of the kings of Judah, and the wickedness of their wives, and your own wickedness, and the wickedness of your wives, which they have committed in the land of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem?"
Aspect26, Jeremiah 44:14 "So that none of the remnant of Judah, which are gone into the land of Egypt to sojourn there, shall escape or remain, that they should return into the land of Judah, to the which they have a desire to return to dwell there: for none shall return but such as shall escape."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 46:19 "O thou daughter dwelling in Egypt, furnish thyself to go into captivity: for Noph shall be waste and desolate without an inhabitant."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 48:4 "Moab is destroyed; her little ones have caused a cry to be heard."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 48:5 "For in the going up of Luhith continual weeping shall go up; for in the going down of Horonaim the enemies have heard a cry of destruction."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 50:46 "At the noise of the taking of Babylon the earth is moved, and the cry is heard among the nations."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 51:32 "And that the passages are stopped, and the reeds they have burned with fire, and the men of war are affrighted."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 52:7 "Then the city was broken up, and all the men of war fled, and went forth out of the city by night by the way of the gate between the two walls, which was by the king's garden; (now the Chaldeans were by the city round about:) and they went by the way of the plain."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 52:16 "But Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard left certain of the poor of the land for vinedressers and for husbandmen."
Aspect26, Jeremiah 52:21 "And concerning the pillars, the height of one pillar was eighteen cubits; and a fillet of twelve cubits did compass it; and the thickness thereof was four fingers: it was hollow."
Aspect26, Lamentations 3:33 "For he doth not afflict willingly nor grieve the children of men."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 1:6 "And every one had four faces, and every one had four wings."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 1:8 "And they had the hands of a man under their wings on their four sides; and they four had their faces and their wings."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 1:9 "Their wings were joined one to another; they turned not when they went; they went every one straight forward."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 1:10 "As for the likeness of their faces, they four had the face of a man, and the face of a lion, on the right side: and they four had the face of an ox on the left side; they four also had the face of an eagle."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 1:12 "And they went every one straight forward: whither the spirit was to go, they went; and they turned not when they went."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 1:17 "When they went, they went upon their four sides: and they turned not when they went."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 1:25 "And there was a voice from the firmament that was over their heads, when they stood, and had let down their wings."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 9:6 "Slay utterly old and young, both maids, and little children, and women: but come not near any man upon whom is the mark; and begin at my sanctuary. Then they began at the ancient men which were before the house."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 9:7 "And he said unto them, Defile the house, and fill the courts with the slain: go ye forth. And they went forth, and slew in the city."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 10:10 "And as for their appearances, they four had one likeness, as if a wheel had been in the midst of a wheel."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 10:11 "When they went, they went upon their four sides; they turned not as they went, but to the place whither the head looked they followed it; they turned not as they went."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 10:16 "And when the cherubims went, the wheels went by them: and when the cherubims lifted up their wings to mount up from the earth, the same wheels also turned not from beside them."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 10:21 "Every one had four faces apiece, and every one four wings; and the likeness of the hands of a man was under their wings."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 16:45 "Thou art thy mother's daughter, that lotheth her husband and her children; and thou art the sister of thy sisters, which lothed their husbands and their children: your mother was an Hittite, and your father an Amorite."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 17:8 "It was planted in a good soil by great waters, that it might bring forth branches, and that it might bear fruit, that it might be a goodly vine."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 23:15 "Girded with girdles upon their loins, exceeding in dyed attire upon their heads, all of them princes to look to, after the manner of the Babylonians of Chaldea, the land of their nativity:"
Aspect26, Ezekiel 23:45 "And the righteous men, they shall judge them after the manner of adulteresses, and after the manner of women that shed blood; because they are adulteresses, and blood is in their hands."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 26:13 "And I will cause the noise of thy songs to cease; and the sound of thy harps shall be no more heard."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 27:8 "The inhabitants of Zidon and Arvad were thy mariners: thy wise men, O Tyrus, that were in thee, were thy pilots."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 31:5 "Therefore his height was exalted above all the trees of the field, and his boughs were multiplied, and his branches became long because of the multitude of waters, when he shot forth."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 31:14 "To the end that none of all the trees by the waters exalt themselves for their height, neither shoot up their top among the thick boughs, neither their trees stand up in their height, all that drink water: for they are all delivered unto death, to the nether parts of the earth, in the midst of the children of men, with them that go down to the pit."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 35:5 "Because thou hast had a perpetual hatred, and hast shed the blood of the children of Israel by the force of the sword in the time of their calamity, in the time that their iniquity had an end:"
Aspect26, Ezekiel 40:6 "Then came he unto the gate which looketh toward the east, and went up the stairs thereof, and measured the threshold of the gate, which was one reed broad; and the other threshold of the gate, which was one reed broad."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 40:22 "And their windows, and their arches, and their palm trees, were after the measure of the gate that looketh toward the east; and they went up unto it by seven steps; and the arches thereof were before them."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 42:10 "The chambers were in the thickness of the wall of the court toward the east, over against the separate place, and over against the building."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 43:15 "So the altar shall be four cubits; and from the altar and upward shall be four horns."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 43:16 "And the altar shall be twelve cubits long, twelve broad, square in the four squares thereof."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 44:1 "Then he brought me back the way of the gate of the outward sanctuary which looketh toward the east; and it was shut."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 44:10 "And the Levites that are gone away far from me, when Israel went astray, which went astray away from me after their idols; they shall even bear their iniquity."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 46:22 "In the four corners of the court there were courts joined of forty cubits long and thirty broad: these four corners were of one measure."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 47:18 "And the east side ye shall measure from Hauran, and from Damascus, and from Gilead, and from the land of Israel by Jordan, from the border unto the east sea. And this is the east side."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 47:19 "And the south side southward, from Tamar even to the waters of strife in Kadesh, the river to the great sea. And this is the south side southward."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 48:11 "It shall be for the priests that are sanctified of the sons of Zadok; which have kept my charge, which went not astray when the children of Israel went astray, as the Levites went astray."
Aspect26, Ezekiel 48:22 "Moreover from the possession of the Levites, and from the possession of the city, being in the midst of that which is the prince's, between the border of Judah and the border of Benjamin, shall be for the prince."
Aspect26, Daniel 1:6 "Now among these were of the children of Judah, Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah:"
Aspect26, Daniel 2:14 "Then Daniel answered with counsel and wisdom to Arioch the captain of the king's guard, which was gone forth to slay the wise men of Babylon:"
Aspect26, Daniel 3:25 "He answered and said, Lo, I see four men loose, walking in the midst of the fire, and they have no hurt; and the form of the fourth is like the Son of God."
Aspect26, Daniel 4:3 "How great are his signs! and how mighty are his wonders! his kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and his dominion is from generation to generation."
Aspect26, Daniel 6:18 "Then the king went to his palace, and passed the night fasting: neither were instruments of musick brought before him: and his sleep went from him."
Aspect26, Daniel 7:17 "These great beasts, which are four, are four kings, which shall arise out of the earth."
Aspect26, Daniel 8:8 "Therefore the he goat waxed very great: and when he was strong, the great horn was broken; and for it came up four notable ones toward the four winds of heaven."
Aspect26, Daniel 8:9 "And out of one of them came forth a little horn, which waxed exceeding great, toward the south, and toward the east, and toward the pleasant land."
Aspect26, Daniel 8:11 "Yea, he magnified himself even to the prince of the host, and by him the daily sacrifice was taken away, and the place of the sanctuary was cast down."
Aspect26, Daniel 8:22 "Now that being broken, whereas four stood up for it, four kingdoms shall stand up out of the nation, but not in his power."
Aspect26, Daniel 9:6 "Neither have we hearkened unto thy servants the prophets, which spake in thy name to our kings, our princes, and our fathers, and to all the people of the land."
Aspect26, Daniel 11:9 "So the king of the south shall come into his kingdom, and shall return into his own land."
Aspect26, Daniel 12:1 "And at that time shall Michael stand up, the great prince which standeth for the children of thy people: and there shall be a time of trouble, such as never was since there was a nation even to that same time: and at that time thy people shall be delivered, every one that shall be found written in the book."
Aspect26, Hosea 1:3 "So he went and took Gomer the daughter of Diblaim; which conceived, and bare him a son."
Aspect26, Hosea 2:2 "Plead with your mother, plead: for she is not my wife, neither am I her husband: let her therefore put away her whoredoms out of her sight, and her adulteries from between her breasts;"
Aspect26, Hosea 3:4 "For the children of Israel shall abide many days without a king, and without a prince, and without a sacrifice, and without an image, and without an ephod, and without teraphim:"
Aspect26, Hosea 4:17 "Ephraim is joined to idols: let him alone."
Aspect26, Hosea 7:9 "Strangers have devoured his strength, and he knoweth it not: yea, gray hairs are here and there upon him, yet he knoweth not."
Aspect26, Hosea 9:16 "Ephraim is smitten, their root is dried up, they shall bear no fruit: yea, though they bring forth, yet will I slay even the beloved fruit of their womb."
Aspect26, Hosea 11:2 "As they called them, so they went from them: they sacrificed unto Baalim, and burned incense to graven images."
Aspect26, Joel 2:30 "And I will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth, blood, and fire, and pillars of smoke."
Aspect26, Joel 3:19 "Egypt shall be a desolation, and Edom shall be a desolate wilderness, for the violence against the children of Judah, because they have shed innocent blood in their land."
Aspect26, Amos 1:13 "Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of the children of Ammon, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they have ripped up the women with child of Gilead, that they might enlarge their border:"
Aspect26, Amos 4:9 "I have smitten you with blasting and mildew: when your gardens and your vineyards and your fig trees and your olive trees increased, the palmerworm devoured them: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD."
Aspect26, Jonah 1:15 "So they look up Jonah, and cast him forth into the sea: and the sea ceased from her raging."
Aspect26, Jonah 4:5 "So Jonah went out of the city, and sat on the east side of the city, and there made him a booth, and sat under it in the shadow, till he might see what would become of the city."
Aspect26, Micah 7:3 "That they may do evil with both hands earnestly, the prince asketh, and the judge asketh for a reward; and the great man, he uttereth his mischievous desire: so they wrap it up."
Aspect26, Nahum 3:9 "Ethiopia and Egypt were her strength, and it was infinite; Put and Lubim were thy helpers."
Aspect26, Habakkuk 1:1 "The burden which Habakkuk the prophet did see."
Aspect26, Haggai 1:15 "In the four and twentieth day of the sixth month, in the second year of Darius the king."
Aspect26, Haggai 2:10 "In the four and twentieth day of the ninth month, in the second year of Darius, came the word of the LORD by Haggai the prophet, saying,"
Aspect26, Zechariah 2:3 "And, behold, the angel that talked with me went forth, and another angel went out to meet him,"
Aspect26, Zechariah 9:4 "Behold, the LORD will cast her out, and he will smite her power in the sea; and she shall be devoured with fire."
Aspect26, Matthew 2:7 "Then Herod, when he had privily called the wise men, enquired of them diligently what time the star appeared."
Aspect26, Matthew 2:15 "And was there until the death of Herod: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet, saying, Out of Egypt have I called my son."
Aspect26, Matthew 2:16 "Then Herod, when he saw that he was mocked of the wise men, was exceeding wroth, and sent forth, and slew all the children that were in Bethlehem, and in all the coasts thereof, from two years old and under, according to the time which he had diligently enquired of the wise men."
Aspect26, Matthew 3:5 "Then went out to him Jerusalem, and all Judaea, and all the region round about Jordan,"
Aspect26, Matthew 4:16 "The people which sat in darkness saw great light; and to them which sat in the region and shadow of death light is sprung up."
Aspect26, Matthew 5:37 "But let your communication be, Yea, yea; Nay, nay: for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil."
Aspect26, Matthew 7:17 "Even so every good tree bringeth forth good fruit; but a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit."
Aspect26, Matthew 7:18 "A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit."
Aspect26, Matthew 7:19 "Every tree that bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire."
Aspect26, Matthew 8:33 "And they that kept them fled, and went their ways into the city, and told every thing, and what was befallen to the possessed of the devils."
Aspect26, Matthew 9:16 "No man putteth a piece of new cloth unto an old garment, for that which is put in to fill it up taketh from the garment, and the rent is made worse."
Aspect26, Matthew 9:25 "But when the people were put forth, he went in, and took her by the hand, and the maid arose."
Aspect26, Matthew 9:26 "And the fame hereof went abroad into all that land."
Aspect26, Matthew 11:9 "But what went ye out for to see? A prophet? yea, I say unto you, and more than a prophet."
Aspect26, Matthew 13:1 "The same day went Jesus out of the house, and sat by the sea side."
Aspect26, Matthew 13:31 "Another parable put he forth unto them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is like to a grain of mustard seed, which a man took, and sowed in his field:"
Aspect26, Matthew 13:38 "The field is the world; the good seed are the children of the kingdom; but the tares are the children of the wicked one;"
Aspect26, Matthew 14:1 "At that time Herod the tetrarch heard of the fame of Jesus,"
Aspect26, Matthew 14:14 "And Jesus went forth, and saw a great multitude, and was moved with compassion toward them, and he healed their sick."
Aspect26, Matthew 20:5 "Again he went out about the sixth and ninth hour, and did likewise."
Aspect26, Matthew 20:24 "And when the ten heard it, they were moved with indignation against the two brethren."
Aspect26, Matthew 21:6 "And the disciples went, and did as Jesus commanded them,"
Aspect26, Matthew 21:17 "And he left them, and went out of the city into Bethany; and he lodged there."
Aspect26, Matthew 21:39 "And they caught him, and cast him out of the vineyard, and slew him."
Aspect26, Matthew 22:5 "But they made light of it, and went their ways, one to his farm, another to his merchandise:"
Aspect26, Matthew 22:10 "So those servants went out into the highways, and gathered together all as many as they found, both bad and good: and the wedding was furnished with guests."
Aspect26, Matthew 22:15 "Then went the Pharisees, and took counsel how they might entangle him in his talk."
Aspect26, Matthew 22:22 "When they had heard these words, they marvelled, and left him, and went their way."
Aspect26, Matthew 22:34 "But when the Pharisees had heard that he had put the Sadducees to silence, they were gathered together."
Aspect26, Matthew 23:20 "Whoso therefore shall swear by the altar, sweareth by it, and by all things thereon."
Aspect26, Matthew 25:1 "Then shall the kingdom of heaven be likened unto ten virgins, which took their lamps, and went forth to meet the bridegroom."
Aspect26, Matthew 25:16 "Then he that had received the five talents went and traded with the same, and made them other five talents."
Aspect26, Matthew 26:4 "And consulted that they might take Jesus by subtilty, and kill him."
Aspect26, Matthew 26:14 "Then one of the twelve, called Judas Iscariot, went unto the chief priests,"
Aspect26, Matthew 26:59 "Now the chief priests, and elders, and all the council, sought false witness against Jesus, to put him to death;"
Aspect26, Matthew 27:5 "And he cast down the pieces of silver in the temple, and departed, and went and hanged himself."
Aspect26, Matthew 27:14 "And he answered him to never a word; insomuch that the governor marvelled greatly."
Aspect26, Matthew 27:58 "He went to Pilate, and begged the body of Jesus. Then Pilate commanded the body to be delivered."
Aspect26, Mark 1:20 "And straightway he called them: and they left their father Zebedee in the ship with the hired servants, and went after him."
Aspect26, Mark 2:12 "And immediately he arose, took up the bed, and went forth before them all; insomuch that they were all amazed, and glorified God, saying, We never saw it on this fashion."
Aspect26, Mark 2:13 "And he went forth again by the sea side; and all the multitude resorted unto him, and he taught them."
Aspect26, Mark 2:23 "And it came to pass, that he went through the corn fields on the sabbath day; and his disciples began, as they went, to pluck the ears of corn."
Aspect26, Mark 3:6 "And the Pharisees went forth, and straightway took counsel with the Herodians against him, how they might destroy him."
Aspect26, Mark 3:14 "And he ordained twelve, that they should be with him, and that he might send them forth to preach,"
Aspect26, Mark 3:21 "And when his friends heard of it, they went out to lay hold on him: for they said, He is beside himself."
Aspect26, Mark 4:28 "For the earth bringeth forth fruit of herself; first the blade, then the ear, after that the full corn in the ear."
Aspect26, Mark 5:14 "And they that fed the swine fled, and told it in the city, and in the country. And they went out to see what it was that was done."
Aspect26, Mark 6:6 "And he marvelled because of their unbelief. And he went round about the villages, teaching."
Aspect26, Mark 6:12 "And they went out, and preached that men should repent."
Aspect26, Mark 7:22 "Thefts, covetousness, wickedness, deceit, lasciviousness, an evil eye, blasphemy, pride, foolishness:"
Aspect26, Mark 7:26 "The woman was a Greek, a Syrophenician by nation; and she besought him that he would cast forth the devil out of her daughter."
Aspect26, Mark 10:6 "But from the beginning of the creation God made them male and female."
Aspect26, Mark 10:41 "And when the ten heard it, they began to be much displeased with James and John."
Aspect26, Mark 11:4 "And they went their way, and found the colt tied by the door without in a place where two ways met; and they loose him."
Aspect26, Mark 11:8 "And many spread their garments in the way: and others cut down branches off the trees, and strawed them in the way."
Aspect26, Mark 14:1 "After two days was the feast of the passover, and of unleavened bread: and the chief priests and the scribes sought how they might take him by craft, and put him to death."
Aspect26, Mark 15:7 "And there was one named Barabbas, which lay bound with them that had made insurrection with him, who had committed murder in the insurrection."
Aspect26, Mark 16:10 "And she went and told them that had been with him, as they mourned and wept."
Aspect26, Mark 16:13 "And they went and told it unto the residue: neither believed they them."
Aspect26, Mark 16:20 "And they went forth, and preached every where, the Lord working with them, and confirming the word with signs following. Amen."
Aspect26, Luke 1:39 "And Mary arose in those days, and went into the hill country with haste, into a city of Juda;"
Aspect26, Luke 2:3 "And all went to be taxed, every one into his own city."
Aspect26, Luke 2:41 "Now his parents went to Jerusalem every year at the feast of the passover."
Aspect26, Luke 2:42 "And when he was twelve years old, they went up to Jerusalem after the custom of the feast."
Aspect26, Luke 4:14 "And Jesus returned in the power of the Spirit into Galilee: and there went out a fame of him through all the region round about."
Aspect26, Luke 5:27 "And after these things he went forth, and saw a publican, named Levi, sitting at the receipt of custom: and he said unto him, Follow me."
Aspect26, Luke 6:1 "And it came to pass on the second sabbath after the first, that he went through the corn fields; and his disciples plucked the ears of corn, and did eat, rubbing them in their hands."
Aspect26, Luke 6:28 "Bless them that curse you, and pray for them which despitefully use you."
Aspect26, Luke 7:11 "And it came to pass the day after, that he went into a city called Nain; and many of his disciples went with him, and much people."
Aspect26, Luke 7:17 "And this rumour of him went forth throughout all Judaea, and throughout all the region round about."
Aspect26, Luke 7:26 "But what went ye out for to see? A prophet? Yea, I say unto you, and much more than a prophet."
Aspect26, Luke 8:2 "And certain women, which had been healed of evil spirits and infirmities, Mary called Magdalene, out of whom went seven devils,"
Aspect26, Luke 8:27 "And when he went forth to land, there met him out of the city a certain man, which had devils long time, and ware no clothes, neither abode in any house, but in the tombs."
Aspect26, Luke 8:33 "Then went the devils out of the man, and entered into the swine: and the herd ran violently down a steep place into the lake, and were choked."
Aspect26, Luke 8:34 "When they that fed them saw what was done, they fled, and went and told it in the city and in the country."
Aspect26, Luke 9:6 "And they departed, and went through the towns, preaching the gospel, and healing every where."
Aspect26, Luke 9:10 "And the apostles, when they were returned, told him all that they had done. And he took them, and went aside privately into a desert place belonging to the city called Bethsaida."
Aspect26, Luke 9:27 "But I tell you of a truth, there be some standing here, which shall not taste of death, till they see the kingdom of God."
Aspect26, Luke 11:37 "And as he spake, a certain Pharisee besought him to dine with him: and he went in, and sat down to meat."
Aspect26, Luke 12:35 "Let your loins be girded about, and your lights burning;"
Aspect26, Luke 14:2 "And, behold, there was a certain man before him which had the dropsy."
Aspect26, Luke 15:15 "And he went and joined himself to a citizen of that country; and he sent him into his fields to feed swine."
Aspect26, Luke 15:26 "And he called one of the servants, and asked what these things meant."
Aspect26, Luke 17:12 "And as he entered into a certain village, there met him ten men that were lepers, which stood afar off:"
Aspect26, Luke 18:10 "Two men went up into the temple to pray; the one a Pharisee, and the other a publican."
Aspect26, Luke 19:13 "And he called his ten servants, and delivered them ten pounds, and said unto them, Occupy till I come."
Aspect26, Luke 19:32 "And they that were sent went their way, and found even as he had said unto them."
Aspect26, Luke 19:36 "And as he went, they spread their clothes in the way."
Aspect26, Luke 20:9 "Then began he to speak to the people this parable; A certain man planted a vineyard, and let it forth to husbandmen, and went into a far country for a long time."
Aspect26, Luke 22:4 "And he went his way, and communed with the chief priests and captains, how he might betray him unto them."
Aspect26, Luke 22:62 "And Peter went out, and wept bitterly."
Aspect26, Luke 24:13 "And, behold, two of them went that same day to a village called Emmaus, which was from Jerusalem about threescore furlongs."
Aspect26, Luke 24:29 "But they constrained him, saying, Abide with us: for it is toward evening, and the day is far spent. And he went in to tarry with them."
Aspect26, John 1:43 "The day following Jesus would go forth into Galilee, and findeth Philip, and saith unto him, Follow me."
Aspect26, John 2:2 "And both Jesus was called, and his disciples, to the marriage."
Aspect26, John 2:12 "After this he went down to Capernaum, he, and his mother, and his brethren, and his disciples: and they continued there not many days."
Aspect26, John 2:13 "And the Jews' passover was at hand, and Jesus went up to Jerusalem."
Aspect26, John 5:1 "After this there was a feast of the Jews; and Jesus went up to Jerusalem."
Aspect26, John 6:3 "And Jesus went up into a mountain, and there he sat with his disciples."
Aspect26, John 6:21 "Then they willingly received him into the ship: and immediately the ship was at the land whither they went."
Aspect26, John 6:66 "From that time many of his disciples went back, and walked no more with him."
Aspect26, John 7:14 "Now about the midst of the feast Jesus went up into the temple, and taught."
Aspect26, John 7:49 "But this people who knoweth not the law are cursed."
Aspect26, John 8:9 "And they which heard it, being convicted by their own conscience, went out one by one, beginning at the eldest, even unto the last: and Jesus was left alone, and the woman standing in the midst."
Aspect26, John 10:4 "And when he putteth forth his own sheep, he goeth before them, and the sheep follow him: for they know his voice."
Aspect26, John 10:10 "The thief cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy: I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly."
Aspect26, John 11:1 "Now a certain man was sick, named Lazarus, of Bethany, the town of Mary and her sister Martha."
Aspect26, John 11:6 "When he had heard therefore that he was sick, he abode two days still in the same place where he was."
Aspect26, John 11:46 "But some of them went their ways to the Pharisees, and told them what things Jesus had done."
Aspect26, John 12:13 "Took branches of palm trees, and went forth to meet him, and cried, Hosanna: Blessed is the King of Israel that cometh in the name of the Lord."
Aspect26, John 15:6 "If a man abide not in me, he is cast forth as a branch, and is withered; and men gather them, and cast them into the fire, and they are burned."
Aspect26, John 16:11 "Of judgment, because the prince of this world is judged."
Aspect26, John 18:1 "When Jesus had spoken these words, he went forth with his disciples over the brook Cedron, where was a garden, into the which he entered, and his disciples."
Aspect26, John 18:28 "Then led they Jesus from Caiaphas unto the hall of judgment: and it was early; and they themselves went not into the judgment hall, lest they should be defiled; but that they might eat the passover."
Aspect26, John 19:13 "When Pilate therefore heard that saying, he brought Jesus forth, and sat down in the judgment seat in a place that is called the Pavement, but in the Hebrew, Gabbatha."
Aspect26, John 19:17 "And he bearing his cross went forth into a place called the place of a skull, which is called in the Hebrew Golgotha:"
Aspect26, John 20:30 "And many other signs truly did Jesus in the presence of his disciples, which are not written in this book:"
Aspect26, Acts 3:1 "Now Peter and John went up together into the temple at the hour of prayer, being the ninth hour."
Aspect26, Acts 5:34 "Then stood there up one in the council, a Pharisee, named Gamaliel, a doctor of the law, had in reputation among all the people, and commanded to put the apostles forth a little space;"
Aspect26, Acts 6:9 "Then there arose certain of the synagogue, which is called the synagogue of the Libertines, and Cyrenians, and Alexandrians, and of them of Cilicia and of Asia, disputing with Stephen."
Aspect26, Acts 7:10 "And delivered him out of all his afflictions, and gave him favour and wisdom in the sight of Pharaoh king of Egypt; and he made him governor over Egypt and all his house."
Aspect26, Acts 10:1 "There was a certain man in Caesarea called Cornelius, a centurion of the band called the Italian band,"
Aspect26, Acts 10:9 "On the morrow, as they went on their journey, and drew nigh unto the city, Peter went up upon the housetop to pray about the sixth hour:"
Aspect26, Acts 10:23 "Then called he them in, and lodged them. And on the morrow Peter went away with them, and certain brethren from Joppa accompanied him."
Aspect26, Acts 10:24 "And the morrow after they entered into Caesarea. And Cornelius waited for them, and he had called together his kinsmen and near friends."
Aspect26, Acts 11:5 "I was in the city of Joppa praying: and in a trance I saw a vision, A certain vessel descend, as it had been a great sheet, let down from heaven by four corners; and it came even to me:"
Aspect26, Acts 12:4 "And when he had apprehended him, he put him in prison, and delivered him to four quaternions of soldiers to keep him; intending after Easter to bring him forth to the people."
Aspect26, Acts 12:19 "And when Herod had sought for him, and found him not, he examined the keepers, and commanded that they should be put to death. And he went down from Judaea to Caesarea, and there abode."
Aspect26, Acts 13:20 "And after that he gave unto them judges about the space of four hundred and fifty years, until Samuel the prophet."
Aspect26, Acts 14:25 "And when they had preached the word in Perga, they went down into Attalia:"
Aspect26, Acts 15:24 "Forasmuch as we have heard, that certain which went out from us have troubled you with words, subverting your souls, saying, Ye must be circumcised, and keep the law: to whom we gave no such commandment:"
Aspect26, Acts 15:41 "And he went through Syria and Cilicia, confirming the churches."
Aspect26, Acts 16:4 "And as they went through the cities, they delivered them the decrees for to keep, that were ordained of the apostles and elders which were at Jerusalem."
Aspect26, Acts 17:5 "But the Jews which believed not, moved with envy, took unto them certain lewd fellows of the baser sort, and gathered a company, and set all the city on an uproar, and assaulted the house of Jason, and sought to bring them out to the people."
Aspect26, Acts 17:25 "Neither is worshipped with men's hands, as though he needed any thing, seeing he giveth to all life, and breath, and all things;"
Aspect26, Acts 18:22 "And when he had landed at Caesarea, and gone up, and saluted the church, he went down to Antioch."
Aspect26, Acts 18:23 "And after he had spent some time there, he departed, and went over all the country of Galatia and Phrygia in order, strengthening all the disciples."
Aspect26, Acts 19:12 "So that from his body were brought unto the sick handkerchiefs or aprons, and the diseases departed from them, and the evil spirits went out of them."
Aspect26, Acts 20:8 "And there were many lights in the upper chamber, where they were gathered together."
Aspect26, Acts 21:2 "And finding a ship sailing over unto Phenicia, we went aboard, and set forth."
Aspect26, Acts 21:5 "And when we had accomplished those days, we departed and went our way; and they all brought us on our way, with wives and children, till we were out of the city: and we kneeled down on the shore, and prayed."
Aspect26, Acts 21:9 "And the same man had four daughters, virgins, which did prophesy."
Aspect26, Acts 21:12 "And when we heard these things, both we, and they of that place, besought him not to go up to Jerusalem."
Aspect26, Acts 21:15 "And after those days we took up our carriages, and went up to Jerusalem."
Aspect26, Acts 22:26 "When the centurion heard that, he went and told the chief captain, saying, Take heed what thou doest: for this man is a Roman."
Aspect26, Acts 23:16 "And when Paul's sister's son heard of their lying in wait, he went and entered into the castle, and told Paul."
Aspect26, Acts 23:32 "On the morrow they left the horsemen to go with him, and returned to the castle:"
Aspect26, Acts 25:17 "Therefore, when they were come hither, without any delay on the morrow I sat on the judgment seat, and commanded the man to be brought forth."
Aspect26, Acts 26:12 "Whereupon as I went to Damascus with authority and commission from the chief priests,"
Aspect26, Acts 26:21 "For these causes the Jews caught me in the temple, and went about to kill me."
Aspect26, Acts 27:29 "Then fearing lest we should have fallen upon rocks, they cast four anchors out of the stern, and wished for the day."
Aspect26, Acts 27:42 "And the soldiers' counsel was to kill the prisoners, lest any of them should swim out, and escape."
Aspect26, Romans 7:2 "For the woman which hath an husband is bound by the law to her husband so long as he liveth; but if the husband be dead, she is loosed from the law of her husband."
Aspect26, Romans 7:5 "For when we were in the flesh, the motions of sins, which were by the law, did work in our members to bring forth fruit unto death."
Aspect26, Romans 8:4 "That the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit."
Aspect26, Romans 8:38 "For I am persuaded, that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come,"
Aspect26, Romans 15:20 "Yea, so have I strived to preach the gospel, not where Christ was named, lest I should build upon another man's foundation:"
Aspect26, 1 Corinthians 7:11 "But and if she depart, let her remain unmarried or be reconciled to her husband: and let not the husband put away his wife."
Aspect26, 1 Corinthians 7:14 "For the unbelieving husband is sanctified by the wife, and the unbelieving wife is sanctified by the husband: else were your children unclean; but now are they holy."
Aspect26, 1 Corinthians 7:18 "Is any man called being circumcised? let him not become uncircumcised. Is any called in uncircumcision? let him not be circumcised."
Aspect26, 1 Corinthians 12:4 "Now there are diversities of gifts, but the same Spirit."
Aspect26, 1 Corinthians 12:19 "And if they were all one member, where were the body?"
Aspect26, 1 Corinthians 15:44 "It is sown a natural body; it is raised a spiritual body. There is a natural body, and there is a spiritual body."
Aspect26, 2 Corinthians 1:17 "When I therefore was thus minded, did I use lightness? or the things that I purpose, do I purpose according to the flesh, that with me there should be yea yea, and nay nay?"
Aspect26, 2 Corinthians 4:12 "So then death worketh in us, but life in you."
Aspect26, 2 Corinthians 7:13 "Therefore we were comforted in your comfort: yea, and exceedingly the more joyed we for the joy of Titus, because his spirit was refreshed by you all."
Aspect26, 2 Corinthians 11:3 "But I fear, lest by any means, as the serpent beguiled Eve through his subtilty, so your minds should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ."
Aspect26, 2 Corinthians 12:4 "How that he was caught up into paradise, and heard unspeakable words, which it is not lawful for a man to utter."
Aspect26, Galatians 1:17 "Neither went I up to Jerusalem to them which were apostles before me; but I went into Arabia, and returned again unto Damascus."
Aspect26, Galatians 1:18 "Then after three years I went up to Jerusalem to see Peter, and abode with him fifteen days."
Aspect26, Galatians 2:3 "But neither Titus, who was with me, being a Greek, was compelled to be circumcised:"
Aspect26, Ephesians 1:19 "And what is the exceeding greatness of his power to us-ward who believe, according to the working of his mighty power,"
Aspect26, Ephesians 1:23 "Which is his body, the fulness of him that filleth all in all."
Aspect26, Ephesians 4:4 "There is one body, and one Spirit, even as ye are called in one hope of your calling;"
Aspect26, Ephesians 5:9 "(For the fruit of the Spirit is in all goodness and righteousness and truth;)"
Aspect26, Ephesians 5:23 "For the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church: and he is the saviour of the body."
Aspect26, Ephesians 5:33 "Nevertheless let every one of you in particular so love his wife even as himself; and the wife see that she reverence her husband."
Aspect26, Philippians 1:23 "For I am in a strait betwixt two, having a desire to depart, and to be with Christ; which is far better:"
Aspect26, Colossians 1:9 "For this cause we also, since the day we heard it, do not cease to pray for you, and to desire that ye might be filled with the knowledge of his will in all wisdom and spiritual understanding;"
Aspect26, Colossians 1:22 "In the body of his flesh through death, to present you holy and unblameable and unreproveable in his sight:"
Aspect26, Colossians 1:24 "Who now rejoice in my sufferings for you, and fill up that which is behind of the afflictions of Christ in my flesh for his body's sake, which is the church:"
Aspect26, Colossians 2:8 "Beware lest any man spoil you through philosophy and vain deceit, after the tradition of men, after the rudiments of the world, and not after Christ."
Aspect26, Colossians 3:19 "Husbands, love your wives, and be not bitter against them."
Aspect26, 2 Thessalonians 2:17 "Comfort your hearts, and stablish you in every good word and work."
Aspect26, 1 Timothy 1:16 "Howbeit for this cause I obtained mercy, that in me first Jesus Christ might shew forth all longsuffering, for a pattern to them which should hereafter believe on him to life everlasting."
Aspect26, 1 Timothy 2:13 "For Adam was first formed, then Eve."
Aspect26, 1 Timothy 3:11 "Even so must their wives be grave, not slanderers, sober, faithful in all things."
Aspect26, 1 Timothy 5:22 "Lay hands suddenly on no man, neither be partaker of other men's sins: keep thyself pure."
Aspect26, Titus 1:6 "If any be blameless, the husband of one wife, having faithful children not accused of riot or unruly."
Aspect26, Titus 3:6 "Which he shed on us abundantly through Jesus Christ our Saviour;"
Aspect26, Hebrews 2:1 "Therefore we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things which we have heard, lest at any time we should let them slip."
Aspect26, Hebrews 2:9 "But we see Jesus, who was made a little lower than the angels for the suffering of death, crowned with glory and honour; that he by the grace of God should taste death for every man."
Aspect26, Hebrews 2:14 "Forasmuch then as the children are partakers of flesh and blood, he also himself likewise took part of the same; that through death he might destroy him that had the power of death, that is, the devil;"
Aspect26, Hebrews 3:13 "But exhort one another daily, while it is called To day; lest any of you be hardened through the deceitfulness of sin."
Aspect26, Hebrews 5:7 "Who in the days of his flesh, when he had offered up prayers and supplications with strong crying and tears unto him that was able to save him from death, and was heard in that he feared;"
Aspect26, Hebrews 7:16 "Who is made, not after the law of a carnal commandment, but after the power of an endless life."
Aspect26, Hebrews 9:7 "But into the second went the high priest alone once every year, not without blood, which he offered for himself, and for the errors of the people:"
Aspect26, Hebrews 11:15 "And truly, if they had been mindful of that country from whence they came out, they might have had opportunity to have returned."
Aspect26, Hebrews 11:19 "Accounting that God was able to raise him up, even from the dead; from whence also he received him in a figure."
Aspect26, Hebrews 12:15 "Looking diligently lest any man fail of the grace of God; lest any root of bitterness springing up trouble you, and thereby many be defiled;"
Aspect26, James 3:11 "Doth a fountain send forth at the same place sweet water and bitter?"
Aspect26, James 5:12 "But above all things, my brethren, swear not, neither by heaven, neither by the earth, neither by any other oath: but let your yea be yea; and your nay, nay; lest ye fall into condemnation."
Aspect26, 1 Peter 3:10 "For he that will love life, and see good days, let him refrain his tongue from evil, and his lips that they speak no guile:"
Aspect26, 1 John 2:7 "Brethren, I write no new commandment unto you, but an old commandment which ye had from the beginning. The old commandment is the word which ye have heard from the beginning."
Aspect26, 1 John 2:19 "They went out from us, but they were not of us; for if they had been of us, they would no doubt have continued with us: but they went out, that they might be made manifest that they were not all of us."
Aspect26, 1 John 3:11 "For this is the message that ye heard from the beginning, that we should love one another."
Aspect26, 1 John 3:18 "My little children, let us not love in word, neither in tongue; but in deed and in truth."
Aspect26, 1 John 5:21 "Little children, keep yourselves from idols. Amen."
Aspect26, 3 John 1:7 "Because that for his name's sake they went forth, taking nothing of the Gentiles."
Aspect26, Jude 1:19 "These be they who separate themselves, sensual, having not the Spirit."
Aspect26, Revelation 2:28 "And I will give him the morning star."
Aspect26, Revelation 4:4 "And round about the throne were four and twenty seats: and upon the seats I saw four and twenty elders sitting, clothed in white raiment; and they had on their heads crowns of gold."
Aspect26, Revelation 5:8 "And when he had taken the book, the four beasts and four and twenty elders fell down before the Lamb, having every one of them harps, and golden vials full of odours, which are the prayers of saints."
Aspect26, Revelation 5:14 "And the four beasts said, Amen. And the four and twenty elders fell down and worshipped him that liveth for ever and ever."
Aspect26, Revelation 6:2 "And I saw, and behold a white horse: and he that sat on him had a bow; and a crown was given unto him: and he went forth conquering, and to conquer."
Aspect26, Revelation 7:1 "And after these things I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, holding the four winds of the earth, that the wind should not blow on the earth, nor on the sea, nor on any tree."
Aspect26, Revelation 7:4 "And I heard the number of them which were sealed: and there were sealed an hundred and forty and four thousand of all the tribes of the children of Israel."
Aspect26, Revelation 9:17 "And thus I saw the horses in the vision, and them that sat on them, having breastplates of fire, and of jacinth, and brimstone: and the heads of the horses were as the heads of lions; and out of their mouths issued fire and smoke and brimstone."
Aspect26, Revelation 12:9 "And the great dragon was cast out, that old serpent, called the Devil, and Satan, which deceiveth the whole world: he was cast out into the earth, and his angels were cast out with him."
Aspect26, Revelation 12:14 "And to the woman were given two wings of a great eagle, that she might fly into the wilderness, into her place, where she is nourished for a time, and times, and half a time, from the face of the serpent."
Aspect26, Revelation 14:3 "And they sung as it were a new song before the throne, and before the four beasts, and the elders: and no man could learn that song but the hundred and forty and four thousand, which were redeemed from the earth."
Aspect26, Revelation 19:4 "And the four and twenty elders and the four beasts fell down and worshipped God that sat on the throne, saying, Amen; Alleluia."
Aspect26, Revelation 20:8 "And shall go out to deceive the nations which are in the four quarters of the earth, Gog, and Magog, to gather them together to battle: the number of whom is as the sand of the sea."
Aspect26, Revelation 20:9 "And they went up on the breadth of the earth, and compassed the camp of the saints about, and the beloved city: and fire came down from God out of heaven, and devoured them."
Aspect26, Revelation 20:14 "And death and hell were cast into the lake of fire. This is the second death."
Aspect26, Revelation 20:15 "And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire."
Aspect26, Revelation 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death."
Aspect26, Revelation 21:13 "On the east three gates; on the north three gates; on the south three gates; and on the west three gates."
Aspect26, Revelation 22:13 "I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last."
