Aspect9, Genesis 4:20 "And Adah bare Jabal: he was the father of such as dwell in tents, and of such as have cattle."
Aspect9, Genesis 9:22 "And Ham, the father of Canaan, saw the nakedness of his father, and told his two brethren without."
Aspect9, Genesis 10:9 "He was a mighty hunter before the LORD: wherefore it is said, Even as Nimrod the mighty hunter before the LORD."
Aspect9, Genesis 10:10 "And the beginning of his kingdom was Babel, and Erech, and Accad, and Calneh, in the land of Shinar."
Aspect9, Genesis 10:12 "And Resen between Nineveh and Calah: the same is a great city."
Aspect9, Genesis 10:28 "And Obal, and Abimael, and Sheba,"
Aspect9, Genesis 11:28 "And Haran died before his father Terah in the land of his nativity, in Ur of the Chaldees."
Aspect9, Genesis 11:29 "And Abram and Nahor took them wives: the name of Abram's wife was Sarai; and the name of Nahor's wife, Milcah, the daughter of Haran, the father of Milcah, and the father of Iscah."
Aspect9, Genesis 15:6 "And he believed in the LORD; and he counted it to him for righteousness."
Aspect9, Genesis 15:20 "And the Hittites, and the Perizzites, and the Rephaim,"
Aspect9, Genesis 15:21 "And the Amorites, and the Canaanites, and the Girgashites, and the Jebusites."
Aspect9, Genesis 16:9 "And the angel of the LORD said unto her, Return to thy mistress, and submit thyself under her hands."
Aspect9, Genesis 18:11 "Now Abraham and Sarah were old and well stricken in age; and it ceased to be with Sarah after the manner of women."
Aspect9, Genesis 19:4 "But before they lay down, the men of the city, even the men of Sodom, compassed the house round, both old and young, all the people from every quarter:"
Aspect9, Genesis 19:32 "Come, let us make our father drink wine, and we will lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father."
Aspect9, Genesis 19:33 "And they made their father drink wine that night: and the firstborn went in, and lay with her father; and he perceived not when she lay down, nor when she arose."
Aspect9, Genesis 19:34 "And it came to pass on the morrow, that the firstborn said unto the younger, Behold, I lay yesternight with my father: let us make him drink wine this night also; and go thou in, and lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father."
Aspect9, Genesis 19:36 "Thus were both the daughters of Lot with child by their father."
Aspect9, Genesis 20:12 "And yet indeed she is my sister; she is the daughter of my father, but not the daughter of my mother; and she became my wife."
Aspect9, Genesis 21:4 "And Abraham circumcised his son Isaac being eight days old, as God had commanded him."
Aspect9, Genesis 21:28 "And Abraham set seven ewe lambs of the flock by themselves."
Aspect9, Genesis 23:7 "And Abraham stood up, and bowed himself to the people of the land, even to the children of Heth."
Aspect9, Genesis 25:3 "And Jokshan begat Sheba, and Dedan. And the sons of Dedan were Asshurim, and Letushim, and Leummim."
Aspect9, Genesis 25:10 "The field which Abraham purchased of the sons of Heth: there was Abraham buried, and Sarah his wife."
Aspect9, Genesis 25:14 "And Mishma, and Dumah, and Massa,"
Aspect9, Genesis 25:15 "Hadar, and Tema, Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah:"
Aspect9, Genesis 25:19 "And these are the generations of Isaac, Abraham's son: Abraham begat Isaac:"
Aspect9, Genesis 26:15 "For all the wells which his father's servants had digged in the days of Abraham his father, the Philistines had stopped them, and filled them with earth."
Aspect9, Genesis 26:18 "And Isaac digged again the wells of water, which they had digged in the days of Abraham his father; for the Philistines had stopped them after the death of Abraham: and he called their names after the names by which his father had called them."
Aspect9, Genesis 26:34 "And Esau was forty years old when he took to wife Judith the daughter of Beeri the Hittite, and Bashemath the daughter of Elon the Hittite:"
Aspect9, Genesis 27:22 "And Jacob went near unto Isaac his father; and he felt him, and said, The voice is Jacob's voice, but the hands are the hands of Esau."
Aspect9, Genesis 27:34 "And when Esau heard the words of his father, he cried with a great and exceeding bitter cry, and said unto his father, Bless me, even me also, O my father."
Aspect9, Genesis 27:38 "And Esau said unto his father, Hast thou but one blessing, my father? bless me, even me also, O my father. And Esau lifted up his voice, and wept."
Aspect9, Genesis 28:2 "Arise, go to Padanaram, to the house of Bethuel thy mother's father; and take thee a wife from thence of the daughters of Laban thy mother's brother."
Aspect9, Genesis 28:7 "And that Jacob obeyed his father and his mother, and was gone to Padanaram;"
Aspect9, Genesis 28:8 "And Esau seeing that the daughters of Canaan pleased not Isaac his father;"
Aspect9, Genesis 29:12 "And Jacob told Rachel that he was her father's brother, and that he was Rebekah's son: and she ran and told her father."
Aspect9, Genesis 31:18 "And he carried away all his cattle, and all his goods which he had gotten, the cattle of his getting, which he had gotten in Padanaram, for to go to Isaac his father in the land of Canaan."
Aspect9, Genesis 31:53 "The God of Abraham, and the God of Nahor, the God of their father, judge betwixt us. And Jacob sware by the fear of his father Isaac."
Aspect9, Genesis 33:18 "And Jacob came to Shalem, a city of Shechem, which is in the land of Canaan, when he came from Padanaram; and pitched his tent before the city."
Aspect9, Genesis 34:13 "And the sons of Jacob answered Shechem and Hamor his father deceitfully, and said, because he had defiled Dinah their sister:"
Aspect9, Genesis 34:19 "And the young man deferred not to do the thing, because he had delight in Jacob's daughter: and he was more honorable than all the house of his father."
Aspect9, Genesis 35:6 "So Jacob came to Luz, which is in the land of Canaan, that is, Bethel, he and all the people that were with him."
Aspect9, Genesis 35:14 "And Jacob set up a pillar in the place where he talked with him, even a pillar of stone: and he poured a drink offering thereon, and he poured oil thereon."
Aspect9, Genesis 37:1 "And Jacob dwelt in the land wherein his father was a stranger, in the land of Canaan."
Aspect9, Genesis 37:2 "These are the generations of Jacob. Joseph, being seventeen years old, was feeding the flock with his brethren; and the lad was with the sons of Bilhah, and with the sons of Zilpah, his father's wives: and Joseph brought unto his father their evil report."
Aspect9, Genesis 37:4 "And when his brethren saw that their father loved him more than all his brethren, they hated him, and could not speak peaceably unto him."
Aspect9, Genesis 37:12 "And his brethren went to feed their father's flock in Shechem."
Aspect9, Genesis 37:18 "And when they saw him afar off, even before he came near unto them, they conspired against him to slay him."
Aspect9, Genesis 37:22 "And Reuben said unto them, Shed no blood, but cast him into this pit that is in the wilderness, and lay no hand upon him; that he might rid him out of their hands, to deliver him to his father again."
Aspect9, Genesis 41:12 "And there was there with us a young man, an Hebrew, servant to the captain of the guard; and we told him, and he interpreted to us our dreams; to each man according to his dream he did interpret."
Aspect9, Genesis 42:24 "And he turned himself about from them, and wept; and returned to them again, and communed with them, and took from them Simeon, and bound him before their eyes."
Aspect9, Genesis 42:32 "We be twelve brethren, sons of our father; one is not, and the youngest is this day with our father in the land of Canaan."
Aspect9, Genesis 44:22 "And we said unto my lord, The lad cannot leave his father: for if he should leave his father, his father would die."
Aspect9, Genesis 44:25 "And our father said, Go again, and buy us a little food."
Aspect9, Genesis 47:11 "And Joseph placed his father and his brethren, and gave them a possession in the land of Egypt, in the best of the land, in the land of Rameses, as Pharaoh had commanded."
Aspect9, Genesis 47:12 "And Joseph nourished his father, and his brethren, and all his father's household, with bread, according to their families."
Aspect9, Genesis 48:1 "And it came to pass after these things, that one told Joseph, Behold, thy father is sick: and he took with him his two sons, Manasseh and Ephraim."
Aspect9, Genesis 48:17 "And when Joseph saw that his father laid his right hand upon the head of Ephraim, it displeased him: and he held up his father's hand, to remove it from Ephraim's head unto Manasseh's head."
Aspect9, Genesis 48:18 "And Joseph said unto his father, Not so, my father: for this is the firstborn; put thy right hand upon his head."
Aspect9, Genesis 49:17 "Dan shall be a serpent by the way, an adder in the path, that biteth the horse heels, so that his rider shall fall backward."
Aspect9, Genesis 49:21 "Naphtali is a hind let loose: he giveth goodly words."
Aspect9, Genesis 49:31 "There they buried Abraham and Sarah his wife; there they buried Isaac and Rebekah his wife; and there I buried Leah."
Aspect9, Genesis 50:1 "And Joseph fell upon his father's face, and wept upon him, and kissed him."
Aspect9, Genesis 50:2 "And Joseph commanded his servants the physicians to embalm his father: and the physicians embalmed Israel."
Aspect9, Genesis 50:5 "My father made me swear, saying, Lo, I die: in my grave which I have digged for me in the land of Canaan, there shalt thou bury me. Now therefore let me go up, I pray thee, and bury my father, and I will come again."
Aspect9, Genesis 50:14 "And Joseph returned into Egypt, he, and his brethren, and all that went up with him to bury his father, after he had buried his father."
Aspect9, Exodus 1:4 "Dan, and Naphtali, Gad, and Asher."
Aspect9, Exodus 2:7 "Then said his sister to Pharaoh's daughter, Shall I go and call to thee a nurse of the Hebrew women, that she may nurse the child for thee?"
Aspect9, Exodus 3:1 "Now Moses kept the flock of Jethro his father in law, the priest of Midian: and he led the flock to the backside of the desert, and came to the mountain of God, even to Horeb."
Aspect9, Exodus 6:20 "And Amram took him Jochebed his father's sister to wife; and she bare him Aaron and Moses: and the years of the life of Amram were an hundred and thirty and seven years."
Aspect9, Exodus 9:32 "But the wheat and the rye were not smitten: for they were not grown up."
Aspect9, Exodus 18:14 "And when Moses' father in law saw all that he did to the people, he said, What is this thing that thou doest to the people? why sittest thou thyself alone, and all the people stand by thee from morning unto even?"
Aspect9, Exodus 21:12 "He that smiteth a man, so that he die, shall be surely put to death."
Aspect9, Exodus 21:15 "And he that smiteth his father, or his mother, shall be surely put to death."
Aspect9, Exodus 21:17 "And he that curseth his father, or his mother, shall surely be put to death."
Aspect9, Exodus 22:16 "And if a man entice a maid that is not betrothed, and lie with her, he shall surely endow her to be his wife."
Aspect9, Exodus 22:17 "If her father utterly refuse to give her unto him, he shall pay money according to the dowry of virgins."
Aspect9, Exodus 22:19 "Whosoever lieth with a beast shall surely be put to death."
Aspect9, Exodus 25:9 "According to all that I show thee, after the pattern of the tabernacle, and the pattern of all the instruments thereof, even so shall ye make it."
Aspect9, Exodus 25:19 "And make one cherub on the one end, and the other cherub on the other end: even of the mercy seat shall ye make the cherubim on the two ends thereof."
Aspect9, Exodus 27:5 "And thou shalt put it under the compass of the altar beneath, that the net may be even to the midst of the altar."
Aspect9, Exodus 30:8 "And when Aaron lighteth the lamps at even, he shall burn incense upon it, a perpetual incense before the LORD throughout your generations."
Aspect9, Exodus 30:21 "So they shall wash their hands and their feet, that they die not: and it shall be a statute for ever to them, even to him and to his seed throughout their generations."
Aspect9, Exodus 30:27 "And the table and all his vessels, and the candlestick and his vessels, and the altar of incense,"
Aspect9, Exodus 31:8 "And the table and his furniture, and the pure candlestick with all his furniture, and the altar of incense,"
Aspect9, Exodus 37:25 "And he made the incense altar of shittim wood: the length of it was a cubit, and the breadth of it a cubit; it was foursquare; and two cubits was the height of it; the horns thereof were of the same."
Aspect9, Exodus 38:30 "And therewith he made the sockets to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and the brazen altar, and the brazen grate for it, and all the vessels of the altar,"
Aspect9, Exodus 40:10 "And thou shalt anoint the altar of the burnt offering, and all his vessels, and sanctify the altar: and it shall be an altar most holy."
Aspect9, Exodus 40:26 "And he put the golden altar in the tent of the congregation before the vail:"
Aspect9, Exodus 40:29 "And he put the altar of burnt offering by the door of the tabernacle of the tent of the congregation, and offered upon it the burnt offering and the meat offering; as the LORD commanded Moses."
Aspect9, Leviticus 4:7 "And the priest shall put some of the blood upon the horns of the altar of sweet incense before the LORD, which is in the tabernacle of the congregation; and shall pour all the blood of the bullock at the bottom of the altar of the burnt offering, which is at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation."
Aspect9, Leviticus 4:12 "Even the whole bullock shall he carry forth without the camp unto a clean place, where the ashes are poured out, and burn him on the wood with fire: where the ashes are poured out shall he be burnt."
Aspect9, Leviticus 4:25 "And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering with his finger, and put it upon the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and shall pour out his blood at the bottom of the altar of burnt offering."
Aspect9, Leviticus 4:34 "And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering with his finger, and put it upon the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and shall pour out all the blood thereof at the bottom of the altar:"
Aspect9, Leviticus 7:3 "And he shall offer of it all the fat thereof; the rump, and the fat that covereth the inwards,"
Aspect9, Leviticus 7:8 "And the priest that offereth any man's burnt offering, even the priest shall have to himself the skin of the burnt offering which he hath offered."
Aspect9, Leviticus 9:9 "And the sons of Aaron brought the blood unto him: and he dipped his finger in the blood, and put it upon the horns of the altar, and poured out the blood at the bottom of the altar:"
Aspect9, Leviticus 11:25 "And whosoever beareth ought of the carcass of them shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even."
Aspect9, Leviticus 11:31 "These are unclean to you among all that creep: whosoever doth touch them, when they be dead, shall be unclean until the even."
Aspect9, Leviticus 11:40 "And he that eateth of the carcass of it shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even: he also that beareth the carcass of it shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even."
Aspect9, Leviticus 14:46 "Moreover he that goeth into the house all the while that it is shut up shall be unclean until the even."
Aspect9, Leviticus 15:16 "And if any man's seed of copulation go out from him, then he shall wash all his flesh in water, and be unclean until the even."
Aspect9, Leviticus 16:32 "And the priest, whom he shall anoint, and whom he shall consecrate to minister in the priest's office in his father's stead, shall make the atonement, and shall put on the linen clothes, even the holy garments:"
Aspect9, Leviticus 18:8 "The nakedness of thy father's wife shalt thou not uncover: it is thy father's nakedness."
Aspect9, Leviticus 18:9 "The nakedness of thy sister, the daughter of thy father, or daughter of thy mother, whether she be born at home, or born abroad, even their nakedness thou shalt not uncover."
Aspect9, Leviticus 18:10 "The nakedness of thy son's daughter, or of thy daughter's daughter, even their nakedness thou shalt not uncover: for theirs is thine own nakedness."
Aspect9, Leviticus 18:11 "The nakedness of thy father's wife's daughter, begotten of thy father, she is thy sister, thou shalt not uncover her nakedness."
Aspect9, Leviticus 18:12 "Thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy father's sister: she is thy father's near kinswoman."
Aspect9, Leviticus 18:25 "And the land is defiled: therefore I do visit the iniquity thereof upon it, and the land itself vomiteth out her inhabitants."
Aspect9, Leviticus 18:29 "For whosoever shall commit any of these abominations, even the souls that commit them shall be cut off from among their people."
Aspect9, Leviticus 20:9 "For every one that curseth his father or his mother shall be surely put to death: he hath cursed his father or his mother; his blood shall be upon him."
Aspect9, Leviticus 20:10 "And the man that committeth adultery with another man's wife, even he that committeth adultery with his neighbor's wife, the adulterer and the adulteress shall surely be put to death."
Aspect9, Leviticus 20:11 "And the man that lieth with his father's wife hath uncovered his father's nakedness: both of them shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be upon them."
Aspect9, Leviticus 20:12 "And if a man lie with his daughter in law, both of them shall surely be put to death: they have wrought confusion; their blood shall be upon them."
Aspect9, Leviticus 21:2 "But for his kin, that is near unto him, that is, for his mother, and for his father, and for his son, and for his daughter, and for his brother."
Aspect9, Leviticus 21:9 "And the daughter of any priest, if she profane herself by playing the whore, she profaneth her father: she shall be burnt with fire."
Aspect9, Leviticus 21:11 "Neither shall he go in to any dead body, nor defile himself for his father, or for his mother;"
Aspect9, Leviticus 22:13 "But if the priest's daughter be a widow, or divorced, and have no child, and is returned unto her father's house, as in her youth, she shall eat of her father's meat: but there shall be no stranger eat thereof."
Aspect9, Leviticus 23:5 "In the fourteenth day of the first month at even is the LORD's passover."
Aspect9, Leviticus 23:32 "It shall be unto you a sabbath of rest, and ye shall afflict your souls: in the ninth day of the month at even, from even unto even, shall ye celebrate your sabbath."
Aspect9, Leviticus 24:17 "And he that killeth any man shall surely be put to death."
Aspect9, Leviticus 26:28 "Then I will walk contrary unto you also in fury; and I, even I, will chastise you seven times for your sins."
Aspect9, Leviticus 27:3 "And thy estimation shall be of the male from twenty years old even unto sixty years old, even thy estimation shall be fifty shekels of silver, after the shekel of the sanctuary."
Aspect9, Numbers 1:21 "Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Reuben, were forty and six thousand and five hundred."
Aspect9, Numbers 1:33 "Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Ephraim, were forty thousand and five hundred."
Aspect9, Numbers 1:35 "Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Manasseh, were thirty and two thousand and two hundred."
Aspect9, Numbers 3:31 "And their charge shall be the ark, and the table, and the candlestick, and the altars, and the vessels of the sanctuary wherewith they minister, and the hanging, and all the service thereof."
Aspect9, Numbers 3:35 "And the chief of the house of the father of the families of Merari was Zuriel the son of Abihail: these shall pitch on the side of the tabernacle northward."
Aspect9, Numbers 4:14 "And they shall put upon it all the vessels thereof, wherewith they minister about it, even the censers, the fleshhooks, and the shovels, and the basins, all the vessels of the altar; and they shall spread upon it a covering of badgers' skins, and put to the staves of it."
Aspect9, Numbers 4:24 "This is the service of the families of the Gershonites, to serve, and for burdens:"
Aspect9, Numbers 4:26 "And the hangings of the court, and the hanging for the door of the gate of the court, which is by the tabernacle and by the altar round about, and their cords, and all the instruments of their service, and all that is made for them: so shall they serve."
Aspect9, Numbers 4:40 "Even those that were numbered of them, throughout their families, by the house of their fathers, were two thousand and six hundred and thirty."
Aspect9, Numbers 4:42 "And those that were numbered of the families of the sons of Merari, throughout their families, by the house of their fathers,"
Aspect9, Numbers 4:44 "Even those that were numbered of them after their families, were three thousand and two hundred."
Aspect9, Numbers 6:19 "And the priest shall take the sodden shoulder of the ram, and one unleavened cake out of the basket, and one unleavened wafer, and shall put them upon the hands of the Nazarite, after the hair of his separation is shaven:"
Aspect9, Numbers 7:10 "And the princes offered for dedicating of the altar in the day that it was anointed, even the princes offered their offering before the altar."
Aspect9, Numbers 7:78 "On the twelfth day Ahira the son of Enan, prince of the children of Naphtali, offered:"
Aspect9, Numbers 8:25 "And from the age of fifty years they shall cease waiting upon the service thereof, and shall serve no more:"
Aspect9, Numbers 9:5 "And they kept the passover on the fourteenth day of the first month at even in the wilderness of Sinai: according to all that the LORD commanded Moses, so did the children of Israel."
Aspect9, Numbers 13:19 "And what the land is that they dwell in, whether it be good or bad; and what cities they be that they dwell in, whether in tents, or in strong holds;"
Aspect9, Numbers 14:19 "Pardon, I beseech thee, the iniquity of this people according unto the greatness of thy mercy, and as thou hast forgiven this people, from Egypt even until now."
Aspect9, Numbers 14:25 "(Now the Amalekites and the Canaanites dwelt in the valley.) Tomorrow turn you, and get you into the wilderness by the way of the Red sea."
Aspect9, Numbers 14:34 "After the number of the days in which ye searched the land, even forty days, each day for a year, shall ye bear your iniquities, even forty years, and ye shall know my breach of promise."
Aspect9, Numbers 14:45 "Then the Amalekites came down, and the Canaanites which dwelt in that hill, and smote them, and discomfited them, even unto Hormah."
Aspect9, Numbers 18:21 "And, behold, I have given the children of Levi all the tenth in Israel for an inheritance, for their service which they serve, even the service of the tabernacle of the congregation."
Aspect9, Numbers 23:2 "And Balak did as Balaam had spoken; and Balak and Balaam offered on every altar a bullock and a ram."
Aspect9, Numbers 23:30 "And Balak did as Balaam had said, and offered a bullock and a ram on every altar."
Aspect9, Numbers 27:10 "And if he have no brethren, then ye shall give his inheritance unto his father's brethren."
Aspect9, Numbers 30:5 "But if her father disallow her in the day that he heareth; not any of her vows, or of her bonds wherewith she hath bound her soul, shall stand: and the LORD shall forgive her, because her father disallowed her."
Aspect9, Numbers 31:10 "And they burnt all their cities wherein they dwelt, and all their goodly castles, with fire."
Aspect9, Numbers 31:51 "And Moses and Eleazar the priest took the gold of them, even all wrought jewels."
Aspect9, Numbers 32:33 "And Moses gave unto them, even to the children of Gad, and to the children of Reuben, and unto half the tribe of Manasseh the son of Joseph, the kingdom of Sihon king of the Amorites, and the kingdom of Og king of Bashan, the land, with the cities thereof in the coasts, even the cities of the country round about."
Aspect9, Numbers 35:17 "And if he smite him with throwing a stone, wherewith he may die, and he die, he is a murderer: the murderer shall surely be put to death."
Aspect9, Numbers 36:11 "For Mahlah, Tirzah, and Hoglah, and Milcah, and Noah, the daughters of Zelophehad, were married unto their father's brothers' sons:"
Aspect9, Numbers 36:12 "And they were married into the families of the sons of Manasseh the son of Joseph, and their inheritance remained in the tribe of the family of their father."
Aspect9, Deuteronomy 1:28 "Whither shall we go up? our brethren have discouraged our heart, saying, The people is greater and taller than we; the cities are great and walled up to heaven; and moreover we have seen the sons of the Anakims there."
Aspect9, Deuteronomy 2:22 "As he did to the children of Esau, which dwelt in Seir, when he destroyed the Horims from before them; and they succeeded them, and dwelt in their stead even unto this day:"
Aspect9, Deuteronomy 2:23 "And the Avims which dwelt in Hazerim, even unto Azzah, the Caphtorims, which came forth out of Caphtor, destroyed them, and dwelt in their stead.)"
Aspect9, Deuteronomy 2:32 "Then Sihon came out against us, he and all his people, to fight at Jahaz."
Aspect9, Deuteronomy 3:17 "The plain also, and Jordan, and the coast thereof, from Chinnereth even unto the sea of the plain, even the salt sea, under Ashdothpisgah eastward."
Aspect9, Deuteronomy 21:18 "If a man have a stubborn and rebellious son, which will not obey the voice of his father, or the voice of his mother, and that, when they have chastened him, will not hearken unto them:"
Aspect9, Deuteronomy 22:15 "Then shall the father of the damsel, and her mother, take and bring forth the tokens of the damsel's virginity unto the elders of the city in the gate:"
Aspect9, Deuteronomy 22:30 "A man shall not take his father's wife, nor discover his father's skirt."
Aspect9, Deuteronomy 27:20 "Cursed be he that lieth with his father's wife; because he uncovereth his father's skirt. And all the people shall say, Amen."
Aspect9, Deuteronomy 27:22 "Cursed be he that lieth with his sister, the daughter of his father, or the daughter of his mother. And all the people shall say, Amen."
Aspect9, Joshua 2:13 "And that ye will save alive my father, and my mother, and my brethren, and my sisters, and all that they have, and deliver our lives from death."
Aspect9, Joshua 2:24 "And they said unto Joshua, Truly the LORD hath delivered into our hands all the land; for even all the inhabitants of the country do faint because of us."
Aspect9, Joshua 3:1 "And Joshua rose early in the morning; and they removed from Shittim, and came to Jordan, he and all the children of Israel, and lodged there before they passed over."
Aspect9, Joshua 4:11 "And it came to pass, when all the people were clean passed over, that the ark of the LORD passed over, and the priests, in the presence of the people."
Aspect9, Joshua 6:7 "And he said unto the people, Pass on, and compass the city, and let him that is armed pass on before the ark of the LORD."
Aspect9, Joshua 6:17 "And the city shall be accursed, even it, and all that are therein, to the LORD: only Rahab the harlot shall live, she and all that are with her in the house, because she hid the messengers that we sent."
Aspect9, Joshua 6:25 "And Joshua saved Rahab the harlot alive, and her father's household, and all that she had; and she dwelleth in Israel even unto this day; because she hid the messengers, which Joshua sent to spy out Jericho."
Aspect9, Joshua 7:16 "So Joshua rose up early in the morning, and brought Israel by their tribes; and the tribe of Judah was taken:"
Aspect9, Joshua 8:4 "And he commanded them, saying, Behold, ye shall lie in wait against the city, even behind the city: go not very far from the city, but be ye all ready:"
Aspect9, Joshua 8:11 "And all the people, even the people of war that were with him, went up, and drew nigh, and came before the city, and pitched on the north side of Ai: now there was a valley between them and Ai."
Aspect9, Joshua 8:28 "And Joshua burnt Ai, and made it an heap for ever, even a desolation unto this day."
Aspect9, Joshua 10:7 "So Joshua ascended from Gilgal, he, and all the people of war with him, and all the mighty men of valor."
Aspect9, Joshua 11:4 "And they went out, they and all their hosts with them, much people, even as the sand that is upon the sea shore in multitude, with horses and chariots very many."
Aspect9, Joshua 13:31 "And half Gilead, and Ashtaroth, and Edrei, cities of the kingdom of Og in Bashan, were pertaining unto the children of Machir the son of Manasseh, even to the one half of the children of Machir by their families."
Aspect9, Joshua 15:1 "This then was the lot of the tribe of the children of Judah by their families; even to the border of Edom the wilderness of Zin southward was the uttermost part of the south coast."
Aspect9, Joshua 15:13 "And unto Caleb the son of Jephunneh he gave a part among the children of Judah, according to the commandment of the LORD to Joshua, even the city of Arba the father of Anak, which city is Hebron."
Aspect9, Joshua 15:35 "Jarmuth, and Adullam, Socoh, and Azekah,"
Aspect9, Joshua 15:46 "From Ekron even unto the sea, all that lay near Ashdod, with their villages:"
Aspect9, Joshua 19:2 "And they had in their inheritance Beersheba, and Sheba, and Moladah,"
Aspect9, Joshua 21:16 "And Ain with her suburbs, and Juttah with her suburbs, and Bethshemesh with her suburbs; nine cities out of those two tribes."
Aspect9, Joshua 21:20 "And the families of the children of Kohath, the Levites which remained of the children of Kohath, even they had the cities of their lot out of the tribe of Ephraim."
Aspect9, Joshua 21:40 "So all the cities for the children of Merari by their families, which were remaining of the families of the Levites, were by their lot twelve cities."
Aspect9, Joshua 24:2 "And Joshua said unto all the people, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Your fathers dwelt on the other side of the flood in old time, even Terah, the father of Abraham, and the father of Nachor: and they served other gods."
Aspect9, Joshua 24:3 "And I took your father Abraham from the other side of the flood, and led him throughout all the land of Canaan, and multiplied his seed, and gave him Isaac."
Aspect9, Judges 3:5 "And the children of Israel dwelt among the Canaanites, Hittites, and Amorites, and Perizzites, and Hivites, and Jebusites:"
Aspect9, Judges 4:11 "Now Heber the Kenite, which was of the children of Hobab the father in law of Moses, had severed himself from the Kenites, and pitched his tent unto the plain of Zaanaim, which is by Kedesh."
Aspect9, Judges 4:13 "And Sisera gathered together all his chariots, even nine hundred chariots of iron, and all the people that were with him, from Harosheth of the Gentiles unto the river of Kishon."
Aspect9, Judges 6:15 "And he said unto him, Oh my Lord, wherewith shall I save Israel? behold, my family is poor in Manasseh, and I am the least in my father's house."
Aspect9, Judges 6:25 "And it came to pass the same night, that the LORD said unto him, Take thy father's young bullock, even the second bullock of seven years old, and throw down the altar of Baal that thy father hath, and cut down the grove that is by it:"
Aspect9, Judges 8:14 "And caught a young man of the men of Succoth, and inquired of him: and he described unto him the princes of Succoth, and the elders thereof, even threescore and seventeen men."
Aspect9, Judges 8:27 "And Gideon made an ephod thereof, and put it in his city, even in Ophrah: and all Israel went thither a whoring after it: which thing became a snare unto Gideon, and to his house."
Aspect9, Judges 8:32 "And Gideon the son of Joash died in a good old age, and was buried in the sepulchre of Joash his father, in Ophrah of the Abiezrites."
Aspect9, Judges 9:1 "And Abimelech the son of Jerubbaal went to Shechem unto his mother's brethren, and communed with them, and with all the family of the house of his mother's father, saying,"
Aspect9, Judges 9:5 "And he went unto his father's house at Ophrah, and slew his brethren the sons of Jerubbaal, being threescore and ten persons, upon one stone: notwithstanding yet Jotham the youngest son of Jerubbaal was left; for he hid himself."
Aspect9, Judges 9:40 "And Abimelech chased him, and he fled before him, and many were overthrown and wounded, even unto the entering of the gate."
Aspect9, Judges 14:5 "Then went Samson down, and his father and his mother, to Timnath, and came to the vineyards of Timnath: and, behold, a young lion roared against him."
Aspect9, Judges 14:10 "So his father went down unto the woman: and Samson made there a feast; for so used the young men to do."
Aspect9, Judges 15:1 "But it came to pass within a while after, in the time of wheat harvest, that Samson visited his wife with a kid; and he said, I will go in to my wife into the chamber. But her father would not suffer him to go in."
Aspect9, Judges 16:31 "Then his brethren and all the house of his father came down, and took him, and brought him up, and buried him between Zorah and Eshtaol in the buryingplace of Manoah his father. And he judged Israel twenty years."
Aspect9, Judges 19:3 "And her husband arose, and went after her, to speak friendly unto her, and to bring her again, having his servant with him, and a couple of asses: and she brought him into her father's house: and when the father of the damsel saw him, he rejoiced to meet him."
Aspect9, Judges 19:4 "And his father in law, the damsel's father, retained him; and he abode with him three days: so they did eat and drink, and lodged there."
Aspect9, Judges 20:2 "And the chief of all the people, even of all the tribes of Israel, presented themselves in the assembly of the people of God, four hundred thousand footmen that drew sword."
Aspect9, Judges 20:40 "But when the flame began to arise up out of the city with a pillar of smoke, the Benjamites looked behind them, and, behold, the flame of the city ascended up to heaven."
Aspect9, Judges 21:2 "And the people came to the house of God, and abode there till even before God, and lifted up their voices, and wept sore;"
Aspect9, Judges 21:4 "And it came to pass on the morrow, that the people rose early, and built there an altar, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings."
Aspect9, Ruth 2:17 "So she gleaned in the field until even, and beat out that she had gleaned: and it was about an ephah of barley."
Aspect9, 1 Samuel 2:28 "And did I choose him out of all the tribes of Israel to be my priest, to offer upon mine altar, to burn incense, to wear an ephod before me? and did I give unto the house of thy father all the offerings made by fire of the children of Israel?"
Aspect9, 1 Samuel 2:31 "Behold, the days come, that I will cut off thine arm, and the arm of thy father's house, that there shall not be an old man in thine house."
Aspect9, 1 Samuel 4:18 "And it came to pass, when he made mention of the ark of God, that he fell from off the seat backward by the side of the gate, and his neck brake, and he died: for he was an old man, and heavy. And he had judged Israel forty years."
Aspect9, 1 Samuel 14:1 "Now it came to pass upon a day, that Jonathan the son of Saul said unto the young man that bare his armor, Come, and let us go over to the Philistines' garrison, that is on the other side. But he told not his father."
Aspect9, 1 Samuel 14:27 "But Jonathan heard not when his father charged the people with the oath: wherefore he put forth the end of the rod that was in his hand, and dipped it in an honeycomb, and put his hand to his mouth; and his eyes were enlightened."
Aspect9, 1 Samuel 14:28 "Then answered one of the people, and said, Thy father straitly charged the people with an oath, saying, Cursed be the man that eateth any food this day. And the people were faint."
Aspect9, 1 Samuel 14:51 "And Kish was the father of Saul; and Ner the father of Abner was the son of Abiel."
Aspect9, 1 Samuel 15:12 "And when Samuel rose early to meet Saul in the morning, it was told Samuel, saying, Saul came to Carmel, and, behold, he set him up a place, and is gone about, and passed on, and gone down to Gilgal."
Aspect9, 1 Samuel 17:15 "But David went and returned from Saul to feed his father's sheep at Bethlehem."
Aspect9, 1 Samuel 18:11 "And Saul cast the javelin; for he said, I will smite David even to the wall with it. And David avoided out of his presence twice."
Aspect9, 1 Samuel 20:2 "And he said unto him, God forbid; thou shalt not die: behold, my father will do nothing either great or small, but that he will show it me: and why should my father hide this thing from me? it is not so."
Aspect9, 1 Samuel 20:33 "And Saul cast a javelin at him to smite him: whereby Jonathan knew that it was determined of his father to slay David."
Aspect9, 1 Samuel 22:1 "David therefore departed thence, and escaped to the cave Adullam: and when his brethren and all his father's house heard it, they went down thither to him."
Aspect9, 1 Samuel 22:22 "And David said unto Abiathar, I knew it that day, when Doeg the Edomite was there, that he would surely tell Saul: I have occasioned the death of all the persons of thy father's house."
Aspect9, 1 Samuel 28:3 "Now Samuel was dead, and all Israel had lamented him, and buried him in Ramah, even in his own city. And Saul had put away those that had familiar spirits, and the wizards, out of the land."
Aspect9, 2 Samuel 1:23 "Saul and Jonathan were lovely and pleasant in their lives, and in their death they were not divided: they were swifter than eagles, they were stronger than lions."
Aspect9, 2 Samuel 6:5 "And David and all the house of Israel played before the LORD on all manner of instruments made of fir wood, even on harps, and on psalteries, and on timbrels, and on cornets, and on cymbals."
Aspect9, 2 Samuel 7:14 "I will be his father, and he shall be my son. If he commit iniquity, I will chasten him with the rod of men, and with the stripes of the children of men:"
Aspect9, 2 Samuel 12:6 "And he shall restore the lamb fourfold, because he did this thing, and because he had no pity."
Aspect9, 2 Samuel 15:12 "And Absalom sent for Ahithophel the Gilonite, David's counselor, from his city, even from Giloh, while he offered sacrifices. And the conspiracy was strong; for the people increased continually with Absalom."
Aspect9, 2 Samuel 15:23 "And all the country wept with a loud voice, and all the people passed over: the king also himself passed over the brook Kidron, and all the people passed over, toward the way of the wilderness."
Aspect9, 2 Samuel 16:19 "And again, whom should I serve? should I not serve in the presence of his son? as I have served in thy father's presence, so will I be in thy presence."
Aspect9, 2 Samuel 17:8 "For, said Hushai, thou knowest thy father and his men, that they be mighty men, and they be chafed in their minds, as a bear robbed of her whelps in the field: and thy father is a man of war, and will not lodge with the people."
Aspect9, 2 Samuel 17:10 "And he also that is valiant, whose heart is as the heart of a lion, shall utterly melt: for all Israel knoweth that thy father is a mighty man, and they which be with him are valiant men."
Aspect9, 2 Samuel 17:11 "Therefore I counsel that all Israel be generally gathered unto thee, from Dan even to Beersheba, as the sand that is by the sea for multitude; and that thou go to battle in thine own person."
Aspect9, 2 Samuel 22:11 "And he rode upon a cherub, and did fly: and he was seen upon the wings of the wind."
Aspect9, 2 Samuel 24:2 "For the king said to Joab the captain of the host, which was with him, Go now through all the tribes of Israel, from Dan even to Beersheba, and number ye the people, that I may know the number of the people."
Aspect9, 2 Samuel 24:7 "And came to the strong hold of Tyre, and to all the cities of the Hivites, and of the Canaanites: and they went out to the south of Judah, even to Beersheba."
Aspect9, 2 Samuel 24:15 "So the LORD sent a pestilence upon Israel from the morning even to the time appointed: and there died of the people from Dan even to Beersheba seventy thousand men."
Aspect9, 1 Kings 2:12 "Then sat Solomon upon the throne of David his father; and his kingdom was established greatly."
Aspect9, 1 Kings 4:12 "Baana the son of Ahilud; to him pertained Taanach and Megiddo, and all Bethshean, which is by Zartanah beneath Jezreel, from Bethshean to Abelmeholah, even unto the place that is beyond Jokneam:"
Aspect9, 1 Kings 4:22 "And Solomon's provision for one day was thirty measures of fine flour, and threescore measures of meal,"
Aspect9, 1 Kings 6:16 "And he built twenty cubits on the sides of the house, both the floor and the walls with boards of cedar: he even built them for it within, even for the oracle, even for the most holy place."
Aspect9, 1 Kings 7:7 "Then he made a porch for the throne where he might judge, even the porch of judgment: and it was covered with cedar from one side of the floor to the other."
Aspect9, 1 Kings 7:42 "And four hundred pomegranates for the two networks, even two rows of pomegranates for one network, to cover the two bowls of the chapiters that were upon the pillars;"
Aspect9, 1 Kings 8:24 "Who hast kept with thy servant David my father that thou promisedst him: thou spakest also with thy mouth, and hast fulfilled it with thine hand, as it is this day."
Aspect9, 1 Kings 9:5 "Then I will establish the throne of thy kingdom upon Israel for ever, as I promised to David thy father, saying, There shall not fail thee a man upon the throne of Israel."
Aspect9, 1 Kings 11:17 "That Hadad fled, he and certain Edomites of his father's servants with him, to go into Egypt; Hadad being yet a little child."
Aspect9, 1 Kings 11:26 "And Jeroboam the son of Nebat, an Ephrathite of Zereda, Solomon's servant, whose mother's name was Zeruah, a widow woman, even he lifted up his hand against the king."
Aspect9, 1 Kings 11:35 "But I will take the kingdom out of his son's hand, and will give it unto thee, even ten tribes."
Aspect9, 1 Kings 11:43 "And Solomon slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David his father: and Rehoboam his son reigned in his stead."
Aspect9, 1 Kings 12:11 "And now whereas my father did lade you with a heavy yoke, I will add to your yoke: my father hath chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions."
Aspect9, 1 Kings 12:14 "And spake to them after the counsel of the young men, saying, My father made your yoke heavy, and I will add to your yoke: my father also chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions."
Aspect9, 1 Kings 12:33 "So he offered upon the altar which he had made in Bethel the fifteenth day of the eighth month, even in the month which he had devised of his own heart; and ordained a feast unto the children of Israel: and he offered upon the altar, and burnt incense."
Aspect9, 1 Kings 13:11 "Now there dwelt an old prophet in Bethel; and his sons came and told him all the works that the man of God had done that day in Bethel: the words which he had spoken unto the king, them they told also to their father."
Aspect9, 1 Kings 15:3 "And he walked in all the sins of his father, which he had done before him: and his heart was not perfect with the LORD his God, as the heart of David his father."
Aspect9, 1 Kings 15:23 "The rest of all the acts of Asa, and all his might, and all that he did, and the cities which he built, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah? Nevertheless in the time of his old age he was diseased in his feet."
Aspect9, 1 Kings 15:24 "And Asa slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father: and Jehoshaphat his son reigned in his stead."
Aspect9, 1 Kings 20:34 "And Ben-hadad said unto him, The cities, which my father took from thy father, I will restore; and thou shalt make streets for thee in Damascus, as my father made in Samaria. Then said Ahab, I will send thee away with this covenant. So he made a covenant with him, and sent him away."
Aspect9, 1 Kings 21:11 "And the men of his city, even the elders and the nobles who were the inhabitants in his city, did as Jezebel had sent unto them, and as it was written in the letters which she had sent unto them."
Aspect9, 1 Kings 22:45 "Now the rest of the acts of Jehoshaphat, and his might that he showed, and how he warred, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?"
Aspect9, 1 Kings 22:46 "And the remnant of the sodomites, which remained in the days of his father Asa, he took out of the land."
Aspect9, 1 Kings 22:50 "And Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father: and Jehoram his son reigned in his stead."
Aspect9, 2 Kings 2:12 "And Elisha saw it, and he cried, My father, my father, the chariot of Israel, and the horsemen thereof. And he saw him no more: and he took hold of his own clothes, and rent them in two pieces."
Aspect9, 2 Kings 3:2 "And he wrought evil in the sight of the LORD; but not like his father, and like his mother: for he put away the image of Baal that his father had made."
Aspect9, 2 Kings 4:18 "And when the child was grown, it fell on a day, that he went out to his father to the reapers."
Aspect9, 2 Kings 4:34 "And he went up, and lay upon the child, and put his mouth upon his mouth, and his eyes upon his eyes, and his hands upon his hands: and stretched himself upon the child; and the flesh of the child waxed warm."
Aspect9, 2 Kings 10:3 "Look even out the best and meetest of your master's sons, and set him on his father's throne, and fight for your master's house."
Aspect9, 2 Kings 13:14 "Now Elisha was fallen sick of his sickness whereof he died. And Joash the king of Israel came down unto him, and wept over his face, and said, O my father, my father, the chariot of Israel, and the horsemen thereof."
Aspect9, 2 Kings 14:5 "And it came to pass, as soon as the kingdom was confirmed in his hand, that he slew his servants which had slain the king his father."
Aspect9, 2 Kings 14:21 "And all the people of Judah took Azariah, which was sixteen years old, and made him king instead of his father Amaziah."
Aspect9, 2 Kings 15:38 "And Jotham slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father: and Ahaz his son reigned in his stead."
Aspect9, 2 Kings 21:21 "And he walked in all the way that his father walked in, and served the idols that his father served, and worshipped them:"
Aspect9, 2 Kings 24:16 "And all the men of might, even seven thousand, and craftsmen and smiths a thousand, all that were strong and apt for war, even them the king of Babylon brought captive to Babylon."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 1:10 "And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to be mighty upon the earth."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 1:22 "And Ebal, and Abimael, and Sheba,"
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 1:27 "Abram; the same is Abraham."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 1:30 "Mishma, and Dumah, Massa, Hadad, and Tema,"
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 2:17 "And Abigail bare Amasa: and the father of Amasa was Jether the Ishmeelite."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 2:21 "And afterward Hezron went in to the daughter of Machir the father of Gilead, whom he married when he was threescore years old; and she bare him Segub."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 2:23 "And he took Geshur, and Aram, with the towns of Jair, from them, with Kenath, and the towns thereof, even threescore cities. All these belonged to the sons of Machir the father of Gilead."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 2:24 "And after that Hezron was dead in Calebephratah, then Abiah Hezron's wife bare him Ashur the father of Tekoa."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 2:25 "And the sons of Jerahmeel the firstborn of Hezron were, Ram the firstborn, and Bunah, and Oren, and Ozem, and Ahijah."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 2:42 "Now the sons of Caleb the brother of Jerahmeel were, Mesha his firstborn, which was the father of Ziph; and the sons of Mareshah the father of Hebron."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 2:44 "And Shema begat Raham, the father of Jorkoam: and Rekem begat Shammai."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 2:49 "She bare also Shaaph the father of Madmannah, Sheva the father of Machbenah, and the father of Gibea: and the daughter of Caleb was Achsa."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 2:51 "Salma the father of Bethlehem, Hareph the father of Bethgader."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 2:52 "And Shobal the father of Kirjathjearim had sons; Haroeh, and half of the Manahethites."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 4:1 "The sons of Judah; Pharez, Hezron, and Carmi, and Hur, and Shobal."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 4:3 "And these were of the father of Etam; Jezreel, and Ishma, and Idbash: and the name of their sister was Hazelelponi:"
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 4:4 "And Penuel the father of Gedor, and Ezer the father of Hushah. These are the sons of Hur, the firstborn of Ephratah, the father of Bethlehem."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 4:5 "And Ashur the father of Tekoa had two wives, Helah and Naarah."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 4:11 "And Chelub the brother of Shuah begat Mehir, which was the father of Eshton."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 4:12 "And Eshton begat Bethrapha, and Paseah, and Tehinnah the father of Irnahash. These are the men of Rechah."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 4:14 "And Meonothai begat Ophrah: and Seraiah begat Joab, the father of the valley of Charashim; for they were craftsmen."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 4:15 "And the sons of Caleb the son of Jephunneh; Iru, Elah, and Naam: and the sons of Elah, even Kenaz."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 4:17 "And the sons of Ezra were, Jether, and Mered, and Epher, and Jalon: and she bare Miriam, and Shammai, and Ishbah the father of Eshtemoa."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 4:18 "And his wife Jehudijah bare Jered the father of Gedor, and Heber the father of Socho, and Jekuthiel the father of Zanoah. And these are the sons of Bithiah the daughter of Pharaoh, which Mered took."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 4:19 "And the sons of his wife Hodiah the sister of Naham, the father of Keilah the Garmite, and Eshtemoa the Maachathite."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 4:21 "The sons of Shelah the son of Judah were, Er the father of Lecah, and Laadah the father of Mareshah, and the families of the house of them that wrought fine linen, of the house of Ashbea,"
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 5:1 "Now the sons of Reuben the firstborn of Israel, (for he was the firstborn; but forasmuch as he defiled his father's bed, his birthright was given unto the sons of Joseph the son of Israel: and the genealogy is not to be reckoned after the birthright."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 6:49 "But Aaron and his sons offered upon the altar of the burnt offering, and on the altar of incense, and were appointed for all the work of the place most holy, and to make an atonement for Israel, according to all that Moses the servant of God had commanded."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 7:31 "And the sons of Beriah; Heber, and Malchiel, who is the father of Birzavith."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 8:29 "And at Gibeon dwelt the father of Gibeon; whose wife's name was Maachah:"
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 9:35 "And in Gibeon dwelt the father of Gibeon, Jehiel, whose wife's name was Maachah:"
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 12:28 "And Zadok, a young man mighty of valor, and of his father's house twenty and two captains."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 12:40 "Moreover they that were nigh them, even unto Issachar and Zebulun and Naphtali, brought bread on asses, and on camels, and on mules, and on oxen, and meat, meal, cakes of figs, and bunches of raisins, and wine, and oil, and oxen, and sheep abundantly: for there was joy in Israel."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 14:16 "David therefore did as God commanded him: and they smote the host of the Philistines from Gibeon even to Gazer."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 16:16 "Even of the covenant which he made with Abraham, and of his oath unto Isaac;"
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 16:19 "When ye were but few, even a few, and strangers in it."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 21:2 "And David said to Joab and to the rulers of the people, Go, number Israel from Beersheba even to Dan; and bring the number of them to me, that I may know it."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 21:17 "And David said unto God, Is it not I that commanded the people to be numbered? even I it is that have sinned and done evil indeed; but as for these sheep, what have they done? let thine hand, I pray thee, O LORD my God, be on me, and on my father's house; but not on thy people, that they should be plagued."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 22:10 "He shall build an house for my name; and he shall be my son, and I will be his father; and I will establish the throne of his kingdom over Israel for ever."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 24:2 "But Nadab and Abihu died before their father, and had no children: therefore Eleazar and Ithamar executed the priest's office."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 24:13 "The thirteenth to Huppah, the fourteenth to Jeshebeab,"
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 25:6 "All these were under the hands of their father for song in the house of the LORD, with cymbals, psalteries, and harps, for the service of the house of God, according to the king's order to Asaph, Jeduthun, and Heman."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 26:6 "Also unto Shemaiah his son were sons born, that ruled throughout the house of their father: for they were mighty men of valor."
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 26:10 "Also Hosah, of the children of Merari, had sons; Simri the chief, (for though he was not the firstborn, yet his father made him the chief;)"
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 28:4 "Howbeit the LORD God of Israel chose me before all the house of my father to be king over Israel for ever: for he hath chosen Judah to be the ruler; and of the house of Judah, the house of my father; and among the sons of my father he liked me to make me king over all Israel:"
Aspect9, 1 Chronicles 29:9 "Then the people rejoiced, for that they offered willingly, because with perfect heart they offered willingly to the LORD: and David the king also rejoiced with great joy."
Aspect9, 2 Chronicles 2:3 "And Solomon sent to Huram the king of Tyre, saying, As thou didst deal with David my father, and didst send him cedars to build him an house to dwell therein, even so deal with me."
Aspect9, 2 Chronicles 2:9 "Even to prepare me timber in abundance: for the house which I am about to build shall be wonderful great."
Aspect9, 2 Chronicles 2:13 "And now I have sent a cunning man, endued with understanding, of Huram my father's,"
Aspect9, 2 Chronicles 6:8 "But the LORD said to David my father, Forasmuch as it was in thine heart to build an house for my name, thou didst well in that it was in thine heart:"
Aspect9, 2 Chronicles 6:15 "Thou which hast kept with thy servant David my father that which thou hast promised him; and spakest with thy mouth, and hast fulfilled it with thine hand, as it is this day."
Aspect9, 2 Chronicles 6:39 "Then hear thou from the heavens, even from thy dwelling place, their prayer and their supplications, and maintain their cause, and forgive thy people which have sinned against thee."
Aspect9, 2 Chronicles 9:31 "And Solomon slept with his fathers, and he was buried in the city of David his father: and Rehoboam his son reigned in his stead."
Aspect9, 2 Chronicles 10:11 "For whereas my father put a heavy yoke upon you, I will put more to your yoke: my father chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions."
Aspect9, 2 Chronicles 10:14 "And answered them after the advice of the young men, saying, My father made your yoke heavy, but I will add thereto: my father chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions."
Aspect9, 2 Chronicles 11:6 "He built even Bethlehem, and Etam, and Tekoa,"
Aspect9, 2 Chronicles 17:2 "And he placed forces in all the fenced cities of Judah, and set garrisons in the land of Judah, and in the cities of Ephraim, which Asa his father had taken."
Aspect9, 2 Chronicles 25:3 "Now it came to pass, when the kingdom was established to him, that he slew his servants that had killed the king his father."
Aspect9, 2 Chronicles 26:1 "Then all the people of Judah took Uzziah, who was sixteen years old, and made him king in the room of his father Amaziah."
Aspect9, 2 Chronicles 28:27 "And Ahaz slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the city, even in Jerusalem: but they brought him not into the sepulchres of the kings of Israel: and Hezekiah his son reigned in his stead."
Aspect9, 2 Chronicles 30:10 "So the posts passed from city to city through the country of Ephraim and Manasseh even unto Zebulun: but they laughed them to scorn, and mocked them."
Aspect9, 2 Chronicles 30:18 "For a multitude of the people, even many of Ephraim, and Manasseh, Issachar, and Zebulun, had not cleansed themselves, yet did they eat the passover otherwise than it was written. But Hezekiah prayed for them, saying, The good LORD pardon every one"
Aspect9, 2 Chronicles 33:14 "Now after this he built a wall without the city of David, on the west side of Gihon, in the valley, even to the entering in at the fish gate, and compassed about Ophel, and raised it up a very great height, and put captains of war in all the fenced cities of Judah."
Aspect9, 2 Chronicles 34:6 "And so did he in the cities of Manasseh, and Ephraim, and Simeon, even unto Naphtali, with their mattocks round about."
Aspect9, Ezra 1:8 "Even those did Cyrus king of Persia bring forth by the hand of Mithredath the treasurer, and numbered them unto Sheshbazzar, the prince of Judah."
Aspect9, Ezra 2:59 "And these were they which went up from Telmelah, Telharsa, Cherub, Addan, and Immer: but they could not shew their father's house, and their seed, whether they were of Israel:"
Aspect9, Nehemiah 4:3 "Now Tobiah the Ammonite was by him, and he said, Even that which they build, if a fox go up, he shall even break down their stone wall."
Aspect9, Nehemiah 8:15 "And that they should publish and proclaim in all their cities, and in Jerusalem, saying, Go forth unto the mount, and fetch olive branches, and pine branches, and myrtle branches, and palm branches, and branches of thick trees, to make booths, as it is written."
Aspect9, Nehemiah 10:25 "Rehum, Hashabnah, Maaseiah,"
Aspect9, Nehemiah 12:39 "And from above the gate of Ephraim, and above the old gate, and above the fish gate, and the tower of Hananeel, and the tower of Meah, even unto the sheep gate: and they stood still in the prison gate."
Aspect9, Esther 2:7 "And he brought up Hadassah, that is, Esther, his uncle's daughter: for she had neither father nor mother, and the maid was fair and beautiful; whom Mordecai, when her father and mother were dead, took for his own daughter."
Aspect9, Esther 4:2 "And came even before the king's gate: for none might enter into the king's gate clothed with sackcloth."
Aspect9, Job 1:5 "And it was so, when the days of their feasting were gone about, that Job sent and sanctified them, and rose up early in the morning, and offered burnt offerings according to the number of them all: for Job said, It may be that my sons have sinned, and cursed God in their hearts. Thus did Job continually."
Aspect9, Job 4:8 "Even as I have seen, they that plow iniquity, and sow wickedness, reap the same."
Aspect9, Job 5:5 "Whose harvest the hungry eateth up, and taketh it even out of the thorns, and the robber swalloweth up their substance."
Aspect9, Job 6:19 "The troops of Tema looked, the companies of Sheba waited for them."
Aspect9, Job 10:21 "Before I go whence I shall not return, even to the land of darkness and the shadow of death;"
Aspect9, Job 13:18 "Behold now, I have ordered my cause; I know that I shall be justified."
Aspect9, Job 15:10 "With us are both the grayheaded and very aged men, much elder than thy father."
Aspect9, Job 15:26 "He runneth upon him, even on his neck, upon the thick bosses of his bucklers:"
Aspect9, Job 17:5 "He that speaketh flattery to his friends, even the eyes of his children shall fail."
Aspect9, Job 17:11 "My days are past, my purposes are broken off, even the thoughts of my heart."
Aspect9, Job 21:6 "Even when I remember I am afraid, and trembling taketh hold on my flesh."
Aspect9, Job 23:2 "Even to day is my complaint bitter: my stroke is heavier than my groaning."
Aspect9, Job 24:17 "For the morning is to them even as the shadow of death: if one know them, they are in the terrors of the shadow of death."
Aspect9, Job 29:16 "I was a father to the poor: and the cause which I knew not I searched out."
Aspect9, Job 29:17 "And I brake the jaws of the wicked, and plucked the spoil out of his teeth."
Aspect9, Job 31:3 "Is not destruction to the wicked? and a strange punishment to the workers of iniquity?"
Aspect9, Job 31:6 "Let me be weighed in an even balance that God may know mine integrity."
Aspect9, Job 31:18 "(For from my youth he was brought up with me, as with a father, and I have guided her from my mother's womb;)"
Aspect9, Job 34:8 "Which goeth in company with the workers of iniquity, and walketh with wicked men."
Aspect9, Job 34:12 "Yea, surely God will not do wickedly, neither will the Almighty pervert judgment."
Aspect9, Job 34:22 "There is no darkness, nor shadow of death, where the workers of iniquity may hide themselves."
Aspect9, Job 35:9 "By reason of the multitude of oppressions they make the oppressed to cry: they cry out by reason of the arm of the mighty."
Aspect9, Job 36:13 "But the hypocrites in heart heap up wrath: they cry not when he bindeth them."
Aspect9, Job 38:13 "That it might take hold of the ends of the earth, that the wicked might be shaken out of it?"
Aspect9, Job 38:40 "When they couch in their dens, and abide in the covert to lie in wait?"
Aspect9, Job 39:7 "He scorneth the multitude of the city, neither regardeth he the crying of the driver."
Aspect9, Job 41:9 "Behold, the hope of him is in vain: shall not one be cast down even at the sight of him?"
Aspect9, Job 42:15 "And in all the land were no women found so fair as the daughters of Job: and their father gave them inheritance among their brethren."
Aspect9, Psalm 9:12 "When he maketh inquisition for blood, he remembereth them: he forgetteth not the cry of the humble."
Aspect9, Psalm 27:2 "When the wicked, even mine enemies and my foes, came upon me to eat up my flesh, they stumbled and fell."
Aspect9, Psalm 27:10 "When my father and my mother forsake me, then the LORD will take me up."
Aspect9, Psalm 37:21 "The wicked borroweth, and payeth not again: but the righteous sheweth mercy, and giveth."
Aspect9, Psalm 38:8 "I am feeble and sore broken: I have roared by reason of the disquietness of my heart."
Aspect9, Psalm 45:10 "Hearken, O daughter, and consider, and incline thine ear; forget also thine own people, and thy father's house;"
Aspect9, Psalm 45:12 "And the daughter of Tyre shall be there with a gift; even the rich among the people shall intreat thy favour."
Aspect9, Psalm 48:14 "For this God is our God for ever and ever: he will be our guide even unto death."
Aspect9, Psalm 55:4 "My heart is sore pained within me: and the terrors of death are fallen upon me."
Aspect9, Psalm 58:6 "Break their teeth, O God, in their mouth: break out the great teeth of the young lions, O LORD."
Aspect9, Psalm 68:5 "A father of the fatherless, and a judge of the widows, is God in his holy habitation."
Aspect9, Psalm 68:26 "Bless ye God in the congregations, even the Lord, from the fountain of Israel."
Aspect9, Psalm 71:2 "Deliver me in thy righteousness, and cause me to escape: incline thine ear unto me, and save me."
Aspect9, Psalm 71:16 "I will go in the strength of the Lord GOD: I will make mention of thy righteousness, even of thine only."
Aspect9, Psalm 72:10 "The kings of Tarshish and of the isles shall bring presents: the kings of Sheba and Seba shall offer gifts."
Aspect9, Psalm 72:11 "Yea, all kings shall fall down before him: all nations shall serve him."
Aspect9, Psalm 73:5 "They are not in trouble as other men; neither are they plagued like other men."
Aspect9, Psalm 78:2 "I will open my mouth in a parable: I will utter dark sayings of old:"
Aspect9, Psalm 78:22 "Because they believed not in God, and trusted not in his salvation:"
Aspect9, Psalm 78:72 "So he fed them according to the integrity of his heart; and guided them by the skilfulness of his hands."
Aspect9, Psalm 81:2 "Take a psalm, and bring hither the timbrel, the pleasant harp with the psaltery."
Aspect9, Psalm 88:12 "Shall thy wonders be known in the dark? and thy righteousness in the land of forgetfulness?"
Aspect9, Psalm 89:26 "He shall cry unto me, Thou art my father, my God, and the rock of my salvation."
Aspect9, Psalm 89:32 "Then will I visit their transgression with the rod, and their iniquity with stripes."
Aspect9, Psalm 90:11 "Who knoweth the power of thine anger? even according to thy fear, so is thy wrath."
Aspect9, Psalm 105:17 "He sent a man before them, even Joseph, who was sold for a servant:"
Aspect9, Psalm 105:20 "The king sent and loosed him; even the ruler of the people, and let him go free."
Aspect9, Psalm 106:24 "Yea, they despised the pleasant land, they believed not his word:"
Aspect9, Psalm 106:38 "And shed innocent blood, even the blood of their sons and of their daughters, whom they sacrificed unto the idols of Canaan: and the land was polluted with blood."
Aspect9, Psalm 108:1 "O god, my heart is fixed; I will sing and give praise, even with my glory."
Aspect9, Psalm 109:19 "Let it be unto him as the garment which covereth him, and for a girdle wherewith he is girded continually."
Aspect9, Psalm 109:24 "My knees are weak through fasting; and my flesh faileth of fatness."
Aspect9, Psalm 113:8 "That he may set him with princes, even with the princes of his people."
Aspect9, Psalm 119:40 "Behold, I have longed after thy precepts: quicken me in thy righteousness."
Aspect9, Psalm 120:5 "Woe is me, that I sojourn in Mesech, that I dwell in the tents of Kedar!"
Aspect9, Psalm 121:4 "Behold, he that keepeth Israel shall neither slumber nor sleep."
Aspect9, Psalm 131:2 "Surely I have behaved and quieted myself, as a child that is weaned of his mother: my soul is even as a weaned child."
Aspect9, Psalm 133:1 "Behold, how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity!"
Aspect9, Psalm 136:7 "To him that made great lights: for his mercy endureth for ever:"
Aspect9, Psalm 136:22 "Even an heritage unto Israel his servant: for his mercy endureth for ever."
Aspect9, Psalm 144:2 "My goodness, and my fortress; my high tower, and my deliverer; my shield, and he in whom I trust; who subdueth my people under me."
Aspect9, Psalm 145:7 "They shall abundantly utter the memory of thy great goodness, and shall sing of thy righteousness."
Aspect9, Psalm 147:9 "He giveth to the beast his food, and to the young ravens which cry."
Aspect9, Proverbs 1:8 "My son, hear the instruction of thy father, and forsake not the law of thy mother:"
Aspect9, Proverbs 3:12 "For whom the LORD loveth he correcteth; even as a father the son in whom he delighteth."
Aspect9, Proverbs 3:27 "Withhold not good from them to whom it is due, when it is in the power of thine hand to do it."
Aspect9, Proverbs 4:3 "For I was my father's son, tender and only beloved in the sight of my mother."
Aspect9, Proverbs 4:14 "Enter not into the path of the wicked, and go not in the way of evil men."
Aspect9, Proverbs 8:16 "By me princes rule, and nobles, even all the judges of the earth."
Aspect9, Proverbs 11:14 "Where no counsel is, the people fall: but in the multitude of counsellors there is safety."
Aspect9, Proverbs 11:18 "The wicked worketh a deceitful work: but to him that soweth righteousness shall be a sure reward."
Aspect9, Proverbs 11:31 "Behold, the righteous shall be recompensed in the earth: much more the wicked and the sinner."
Aspect9, Proverbs 12:6 "The words of the wicked are to lie in wait for blood: but the mouth of the upright shall deliver them."
Aspect9, Proverbs 13:1 "A wise son heareth his father's instruction: but a scorner heareth not rebuke."
Aspect9, Proverbs 13:21 "Evil pursueth sinners: but to the righteous good shall be repayed."
Aspect9, Proverbs 14:13 "Even in laughter the heart is sorrowful; and the end of that mirth is heaviness."
Aspect9, Proverbs 15:5 "A fool despiseth his father's instruction: but he that regardeth reproof is prudent."
Aspect9, Proverbs 15:20 "A wise son maketh a glad father: but a foolish man despiseth his mother."
Aspect9, Proverbs 15:26 "The thoughts of the wicked are an abomination to the LORD: but the words of the pure are pleasant words."
Aspect9, Proverbs 16:12 "It is an abomination to kings to commit wickedness: for the throne is established by righteousness."
Aspect9, Proverbs 16:24 "Pleasant words are as an honeycomb, sweet to the soul, and health to the bones."
Aspect9, Proverbs 17:21 "He that begetteth a fool doeth it to his sorrow: and the father of a fool hath no joy."
Aspect9, Proverbs 17:25 "A foolish son is a grief to his father, and bitterness to her that bare him."
Aspect9, Proverbs 19:13 "A foolish son is the calamity of his father: and the contentions of a wife are a continual dropping."
Aspect9, Proverbs 20:11 "Even a child is known by his doings, whether his work be pure, and whether it be right."
Aspect9, Proverbs 23:10 "Remove not the old landmark; and enter not into the fields of the fatherless:"
Aspect9, Proverbs 23:24 "The father of the righteous shall greatly rejoice: and he that begetteth a wise child shall have joy of him."
Aspect9, Proverbs 26:25 "When he speaketh fair, believe him not: for there are seven abominations in his heart."
Aspect9, Proverbs 28:9 "He that turneth away his ear from hearing the law, even his prayer shall be abomination."
Aspect9, Proverbs 28:24 "Whoso robbeth his father or his mother, and saith, It is no transgression; the same is the companion of a destroyer."
Aspect9, Proverbs 29:3 "Whoso loveth wisdom rejoiceth his father: but he that keepeth company with harlots spendeth his substance."
Aspect9, Proverbs 30:11 "There is a generation that curseth their father, and doth not bless their mother."
Aspect9, Proverbs 30:17 "The eye that mocketh at his father, and despiseth to obey his mother, the ravens of the valley shall pick it out, and the young eagles shall eat it."
Aspect9, Ecclesiastes 5:3 "For a dream cometh through the multitude of business; and a fool's voice is known by multitude of words."
Aspect9, Ecclesiastes 9:1 "For all this I considered in my heart even to declare all this, that the righteous, and the wise, and their works, are in the hand of God: no man knoweth either love or hatred by all that is before them."
Aspect9, Ecclesiastes 9:2 "All things come alike to all: there is one event to the righteous, and to the wicked; to the good and to the clean, and to the unclean; to him that sacrificeth, and to him that sacrificeth not: as is the good, so is the sinner; and he that sweareth, as he that feareth an oath."
Aspect9, Ecclesiastes 11:7 "Truly the light is sweet, and a pleasant thing it is for the eyes to behold the sun:"
Aspect9, Ecclesiastes 12:10 "The preacher sought to find out acceptable words: and that which was written was upright, even words of truth."
Aspect9, Song of Solomon 1:5 "I am black, but comely, O ye daughters of Jerusalem, as the tents of Kedar, as the curtains of Solomon."
Aspect9, Song of Solomon 4:13 "Thy plants are an orchard of pomegranates, with pleasant fruits; camphire, with spikenard,"
Aspect9, Isaiah 1:21 "How is the faithful city become an harlot! it was full of judgment; righteousness lodged in it; but now murderers."
Aspect9, Isaiah 2:16 "And upon all the ships of Tarshish, and upon all pleasant pictures."
Aspect9, Isaiah 5:7 "For the vineyard of the LORD of hosts is the house of Israel, and the men of Judah his pleasant plant: and he looked for judgment, but behold oppression; for righteousness, but behold a cry."
Aspect9, Isaiah 5:13 "Therefore my people are gone into captivity, because they have no knowledge: and their honourable men are famished, and their multitude dried up with thirst."
Aspect9, Isaiah 5:23 "Which justify the wicked for reward, and take away the righteousness of the righteous from him!"
Aspect9, Isaiah 8:4 "For before the child shall have knowledge to cry, My father, and my mother, the riches of Damascus and the spoil of Samaria shall be taken away before the king of Assyria."
Aspect9, Isaiah 8:8 "And he shall pass through Judah; he shall overflow and go over, he shall reach even to the neck; and the stretching out of his wings shall fill the breadth of thy land, O Immanuel."
Aspect9, Isaiah 9:9 "And all the people shall know, even Ephraim and the inhabitant of Samaria, that say in the pride and stoutness of heart,"
Aspect9, Isaiah 10:21 "The remnant shall return, even the remnant of Jacob, unto the mighty God."
Aspect9, Isaiah 11:5 "And righteousness shall be the girdle of his loins, and faithfulness the girdle of his reins."
Aspect9, Isaiah 16:6 "We have heard of the pride of Moab; he is very proud: even of his haughtiness, and his pride, and his wrath: but his lies shall not be so."
Aspect9, Isaiah 18:2 "That sendeth ambassadors by the sea, even in vessels of bulrushes upon the waters, saying, Go, ye swift messengers, to a nation scattered and peeled, to a people terrible from their beginning hitherto; a nation meted out and trodden down, whose land the rivers have spoiled!"
Aspect9, Isaiah 19:13 "The princes of Zoan are become fools, the princes of Noph are deceived; they have also seduced Egypt, even they that are the stay of the tribes thereof."
Aspect9, Isaiah 21:11 "The burden of Dumah. He calleth to me out of Seir, Watchman, what of the night? Watchman, what of the night?"
Aspect9, Isaiah 22:21 "And I will clothe him with thy robe, and strengthen him with thy girdle, and I will commit thy government into his hand: and he shall be a father to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and to the house of Judah."
Aspect9, Isaiah 22:23 "And I will fasten him as a nail in a sure place; and he shall be for a glorious throne to his father's house."
Aspect9, Isaiah 22:24 "And they shall hang upon him all the glory of his father's house, the offspring and the issue, all vessels of small quantity, from the vessels of cups, even to all the vessels of flagons."
Aspect9, Isaiah 23:7 "Is this your joyous city, whose antiquity is of ancient days? her own feet shall carry her afar off to sojourn."
Aspect9, Isaiah 26:5 "For he bringeth down them that dwell on high; the lofty city, he layeth it low; he layeth it low, even to the ground; he bringeth it even to the dust."
Aspect9, Isaiah 26:6 "The foot shall tread it down, even the feet of the poor, and the steps of the needy."
Aspect9, Isaiah 27:1 "In that day the LORD with his sore and great and strong sword shall punish leviathan the piercing serpent, even leviathan that crooked serpent; and he shall slay the dragon that is in the sea."
Aspect9, Isaiah 29:7 "And the multitude of all the nations that fight against Ariel, even all that fight against her and her munition, and that distress her, shall be as a dream of a night vision."
Aspect9, Isaiah 29:9 "Stay yourselves, and wonder; cry ye out, and cry: they are drunken, but not with wine; they stagger, but not with strong drink."
Aspect9, Isaiah 29:14 "Therefore, behold, I will proceed to do a marvellous work among this people, even a marvellous work and a wonder: for the wisdom of their wise men shall perish, and the understanding of their prudent men shall be hid."
Aspect9, Isaiah 30:24 "The oxen likewise and the young asses that ear the ground shall eat clean provender, which hath been winnowed with the shovel and with the fan."
Aspect9, Isaiah 32:12 "They shall lament for the teats, for the pleasant fields, for the fruitful vine."
Aspect9, Isaiah 33:7 "Behold, their valiant ones shall cry without: the ambassadors of peace shall weep bitterly."
Aspect9, Isaiah 38:13 "I reckoned till morning, that, as a lion, so will he break all my bones: from day even to night wilt thou make an end of me."
Aspect9, Isaiah 40:30 "Even the youths shall faint and be weary, and the young men shall utterly fall:"
Aspect9, Isaiah 42:13 "The LORD shall go forth as a mighty man, he shall stir up jealousy like a man of war: he shall cry, yea, roar; he shall prevail against his enemies."
Aspect9, Isaiah 43:19 "Behold, I will do a new thing; now it shall spring forth; shall ye not know it? I will even make a way in the wilderness, and rivers in the desert."
Aspect9, Isaiah 43:25 "I, even I, am he that blotteth out thy transgressions for mine own sake, and will not remember thy sins."
Aspect9, Isaiah 46:4 "And even to your old age I am he; and even to hoar hairs will I carry you: I have made, and I will bear; even I will carry, and will deliver you."
Aspect9, Isaiah 48:15 "I, even I, have spoken; yea, I have called him: I have brought him, and he shall make his way prosperous."
Aspect9, Isaiah 51:2 "Look unto Abraham your father, and unto Sarah that bare you: for I called him alone, and blessed him, and increased him."
Aspect9, Isaiah 59:17 "For he put on righteousness as a breastplate, and an helmet of salvation upon his head; and he put on the garments of vengeance for clothing, and was clad with zeal as a cloak."
Aspect9, Isaiah 63:8 "For he said, Surely they are my people, children that will not lie: so he was their Saviour."
Aspect9, Isaiah 63:16 "Doubtless thou art our father, though Abraham be ignorant of us, and Israel acknowledge us not: thou, O LORD, art our father, our redeemer; thy name is from everlasting."
Aspect9, Isaiah 64:11 "Our holy and our beautiful house, where our fathers praised thee, is burned up with fire: and all our pleasant things are laid waste."
Aspect9, Isaiah 65:6 "Behold, it is written before me: I will not keep silence, but will recompense, even recompense into their bosom,"
Aspect9, Jeremiah 8:22 "Is there no balm in Gilead; is there no physician there? why then is not the health of the daughter of my people recovered?"
Aspect9, Jeremiah 10:13 "When he uttereth his voice, there is a multitude of waters in the heavens, and he causeth the vapours to ascend from the ends of the earth; he maketh lightnings with rain, and bringeth forth the wind out of his treasures."
Aspect9, Jeremiah 11:12 "Then shall the cities of Judah and inhabitants of Jerusalem go, and cry unto the gods unto whom they offer incense: but they shall not save them at all in the time of their trouble."
Aspect9, Jeremiah 11:13 "For according to the number of thy cities were thy gods, O Judah; and according to the number of the streets of Jerusalem have ye set up altars to that shameful thing, even altars to burn incense unto Baal."
Aspect9, Jeremiah 12:6 "For even thy brethren, and the house of thy father, even they have dealt treacherously with thee; yea, they have called a multitude after thee: believe them not, though they speak fair words unto thee."
Aspect9, Jeremiah 13:10 "This evil people, which refuse to hear my words, which walk in the imagination of their heart, and walk after other gods, to serve them, and to worship them, shall even be as this girdle, which is good for nothing."
Aspect9, Jeremiah 14:2 "Judah mourneth, and the gates thereof languish; they are black unto the ground; and the cry of Jerusalem is gone up."
Aspect9, Jeremiah 15:8 "Their widows are increased to me above the sand of the seas: I have brought upon them against the mother of the young men a spoiler at noonday: I have caused him to fall upon it suddenly, and terrors upon the city."
Aspect9, Jeremiah 21:6 "And I will smite the inhabitants of this city, both man and beast: they shall die of a great pestilence."
Aspect9, Jeremiah 22:17 "But thine eyes and thine heart are not but for thy covetousness, and for to shed innocent blood, and for oppression, and for violence, to do it."
Aspect9, Jeremiah 23:19 "Behold, a whirlwind of the LORD is gone forth in fury, even a grievous whirlwind: it shall fall grievously upon the head of the wicked."
Aspect9, Jeremiah 25:13 "And I will bring upon that land all my words which I have pronounced against it, even all that is written in this book, which Jeremiah hath prophesied against all the nations."
Aspect9, Jeremiah 31:39 "And the measuring line shall yet go forth over against it upon the hill Gareb, and shall compass about to Goath."
Aspect9, Jeremiah 34:22 "Behold, I will command, saith the LORD, and cause them to return to this city; and they shall fight against it, and take it, and burn it with fire: and I will make the cities of Judah a desolation without an inhabitant."
Aspect9, Jeremiah 35:6 "But they said, We will drink no wine: for Jonadab the son of Rechab our father commanded us, saying, Ye shall drink no wine, neither ye, nor your sons for ever:"
Aspect9, Jeremiah 35:10 "But we have dwelt in tents, and have obeyed, and done according to all that Jonadab our father commanded us."
Aspect9, Jeremiah 35:16 "Because the sons of Jonadab the son of Rechab have performed the commandment of their father, which he commanded them; but this people hath not hearkened unto me:"
Aspect9, Jeremiah 40:12 "Even all the Jews returned out of all places whither they were driven, and came to the land of Judah, to Gedaliah, unto Mizpah, and gathered wine and summer fruits very much."
Aspect9, Jeremiah 42:8 "Then called he Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces which were with him, and all the people from the least even to the greatest,"
Aspect9, Jeremiah 44:12 "And I will take the remnant of Judah, that have set their faces to go into the land of Egypt to sojourn there, and they shall all be consumed, and fall in the land of Egypt; they shall even be consumed by the sword and by the famine: they shall die, from the least even unto the greatest, by the sword and by the famine: and they shall be an execration, and an astonishment, and a curse, and a reproach."
Aspect9, Jeremiah 48:34 "From the cry of Heshbon even unto Elealeh, and even unto Jahaz, have they uttered their voice, from Zoar even unto Horonaim, as an heifer of three years old: for the waters also of Nimrim shall be desolate."
Aspect9, Jeremiah 49:27 "And I will kindle a fire in the wall of Damascus, and it shall consume the palaces of Benhadad."
Aspect9, Jeremiah 50:12 "Your mother shall be sore confounded; she that bare you shall be ashamed: behold, the hindermost of the nations shall be a wilderness, a dry land, and a desert."
Aspect9, Jeremiah 50:21 "Go up against the land of Merathaim, even against it, and against the inhabitants of Pekod: waste and utterly destroy after them, saith the LORD, and do according to all that I have commanded thee."
Aspect9, Jeremiah 51:16 "When he uttereth his voice, there is a multitude of waters in the heavens; and he causeth the vapours to ascend from the ends of the earth: he maketh lightnings with rain, and bringeth forth the wind out of his treasures."
Aspect9, Jeremiah 51:54 "A sound of a cry cometh from Babylon, and great destruction from the land of the Chaldeans:"
Aspect9, Lamentations 4:3 "Even the sea monsters draw out the breast, they give suck to their young ones: the daughter of my people is become cruel, like the ostriches in the wilderness."
Aspect9, Lamentations 4:6 "For the punishment of the iniquity of the daughter of my people is greater than the punishment of the sin of Sodom, that was overthrown as in a moment, and no hands stayed on her."
Aspect9, Ezekiel 1:27 "And I saw as the colour of amber, as the appearance of fire round about within it, from the appearance of his loins even upward, and from the appearance of his loins even downward, I saw as it were the appearance of fire, and it had brightness round about."
Aspect9, Ezekiel 7:14 "They have blown the trumpet, even to make all ready; but none goeth to the battle: for my wrath is upon all the multitude thereof."
Aspect9, Ezekiel 8:2 "Then I beheld, and lo a likeness as the appearance of fire: from the appearance of his loins even downward, fire; and from his loins even upward, as the appearance of brightness, as the colour of amber."
Aspect9, Ezekiel 12:4 "Then shalt thou bring forth thy stuff by day in their sight, as stuff for removing: and thou shalt go forth at even in their sight, as they that go forth into captivity."
Aspect9, Ezekiel 12:7 "And I did so as I was commanded: I brought forth my stuff by day, as stuff for captivity, and in the even I digged through the wall with mine hand; I brought it forth in the twilight, and I bare it upon my shoulder in their sight."
Aspect9, Ezekiel 16:56 "For thy sister Sodom was not mentioned by thy mouth in the day of thy pride,"
Aspect9, Ezekiel 18:11 "And that doeth not any of those duties, but even hath eaten upon the mountains, and defiled his neighbour's wife,"
Aspect9, Ezekiel 18:18 "As for his father, because he cruelly oppressed, spoiled his brother by violence, and did that which is not good among his people, lo, even he shall die in his iniquity."
Aspect9, Ezekiel 20:21 "Notwithstanding the children rebelled against me: they walked not in my statutes, neither kept my judgments to do them, which if a man do, he shall even live in them; they polluted my sabbaths: then I said, I would pour out my fury upon them, to accomplish my anger against them in the wilderness."
Aspect9, Ezekiel 21:15 "I have set the point of the sword against all their gates, that their heart may faint, and their ruins be multiplied: ah! it is made bright, it is wrapped up for the slaughter."
Aspect9, Ezekiel 24:18 "So I spake unto the people in the morning: and at even my wife died; and I did in the morning as I was commanded."
Aspect9, Ezekiel 27:6 "Of the oaks of Bashan have they made thine oars; the company of the Ashurites have made thy benches of ivory, brought out of the isles of Chittim."
Aspect9, Ezekiel 27:18 "Damascus was thy merchant in the multitude of the wares of thy making, for the multitude of all riches; in the wine of Helbon, and white wool."
Aspect9, Ezekiel 30:5 "Ethiopia, and Libya, and Lydia, and all the mingled people, and Chub, and the men of the land that is in league, shall fall with them by the sword."
Aspect9, Ezekiel 32:12 "By the swords of the mighty will I cause thy multitude to fall, the terrible of the nations, all of them: and they shall spoil the pomp of Egypt, and all the multitude thereof shall be destroyed."
Aspect9, Ezekiel 32:16 "This is the lamentation wherewith they shall lament her: the daughters of the nations shall lament her: they shall lament for her, even for Egypt, and for all her multitude, saith the Lord GOD."
Aspect9, Ezekiel 32:32 "For I have caused my terror in the land of the living: and he shall be laid in the midst of the uncircumcised with them that are slain with the sword, even Pharaoh and all his multitude, saith the Lord GOD."
Aspect9, Ezekiel 33:18 "When the righteous turneth from his righteousness, and committeth iniquity, he shall even die thereby."
Aspect9, Ezekiel 34:10 "Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against the shepherds; and I will require my flock at their hand, and cause them to cease from feeding the flock; neither shall the shepherds feed themselves any more; for I will deliver my flock from their mouth, that they may not be meat for them."
Aspect9, Ezekiel 34:23 "And I will set up one shepherd over them, and he shall feed them, even my servant David; he shall feed them, and he shall be their shepherd."
Aspect9, Ezekiel 36:10 "And I will multiply men upon you, all the house of Israel, even all of it: and the cities shall be inhabited, and the wastes shall be builded:"
Aspect9, Ezekiel 38:12 "To take a spoil, and to take a prey; to turn thine hand upon the desolate places that are now inhabited, and upon the people that are gathered out of the nations, which have gotten cattle and goods, that dwell in the midst of the land."
Aspect9, Ezekiel 43:8 "In their setting of their threshold by my thresholds, and their post by my posts, and the wall between me and them, they have even defiled my holy name by their abominations that they have committed: wherefore I have consumed them in mine anger."
Aspect9, Ezekiel 43:13 "And these are the measures of the altar after the cubits: The cubit is a cubit and an hand breadth; even the bottom shall be a cubit, and the breadth a cubit, and the border thereof by the edge thereof round about shall be a span: and this shall be the higher place of the altar."
Aspect9, Ezekiel 43:14 "And from the bottom upon the ground even to the lower settle shall be two cubits, and the breadth one cubit; and from the lesser settle even to the greater settle shall be four cubits, and the breadth one cubit."
Aspect9, Ezekiel 44:19 "And when they go forth into the utter court, even into the utter court to the people, they shall put off their garments wherein they ministered, and lay them in the holy chambers, and they shall put on other garments; and they shall not sanctify the people with their garments."
Aspect9, Ezekiel 48:6 "And by the border of Ephraim, from the east side even unto the west side, a portion for Reuben."
Aspect9, Ezekiel 48:19 "And they that serve the city shall serve it out of all the tribes of Israel."
Aspect9, Daniel 1:8 "But Daniel purposed in his heart that he would not defile himself with the portion of the king's meat, nor with the wine which he drank: therefore he requested of the prince of the eunuchs that he might not defile himself."
Aspect9, Daniel 4:27 "Wherefore, O king, let my counsel be acceptable unto thee, and break off thy sins by righteousness, and thine iniquities by shewing mercy to the poor; if it may be a lengthening of thy tranquillity."
Aspect9, Daniel 7:18 "But the saints of the most High shall take the kingdom, and possess the kingdom for ever, even for ever and ever."
Aspect9, Daniel 8:15 "And it came to pass, when I, even I Daniel, had seen the vision, and sought for the meaning, then, behold, there stood before me as the appearance of a man."
Aspect9, Daniel 9:16 "O LORD, according to all thy righteousness, I beseech thee, let thine anger and thy fury be turned away from thy city Jerusalem, thy holy mountain: because for our sins, and for the iniquities of our fathers, Jerusalem and thy people are become a reproach to all that are about us."
Aspect9, Daniel 9:25 "Know therefore and understand, that from the going forth of the commandment to restore and to build Jerusalem unto the Messiah the Prince shall be seven weeks, and threescore and two weeks: the street shall be built again, and the wall, even in troublous times."
Aspect9, Daniel 10:3 "I ate no pleasant bread, neither came flesh nor wine in my mouth, neither did I anoint myself at all, till three whole weeks were fulfilled."
Aspect9, Daniel 11:10 "But his sons shall be stirred up, and shall assemble a multitude of great forces: and one shall certainly come, and overflow, and pass through: then shall he return, and be stirred up, even to his fortress."
Aspect9, Daniel 11:18 "After this shall he turn his face unto the isles, and shall take many: but a prince for his own behalf shall cause the reproach offered by him to cease; without his own reproach he shall cause it to turn upon him."
Aspect9, Daniel 11:30 "For the ships of Chittim shall come against him: therefore he shall be grieved, and return, and have indignation against the holy covenant: so shall he do; he shall even return, and have intelligence with them that forsake the holy covenant."
Aspect9, Hosea 4:2 "By swearing, and lying, and killing, and stealing, and committing adultery, they break out, and blood toucheth blood."
Aspect9, Joel 2:12 "Therefore also now, saith the LORD, turn ye even to me with all your heart, and with fasting, and with weeping, and with mourning:"
Aspect9, Joel 3:3 "And they have cast lots for my people; and have given a boy for an harlot, and sold a girl for wine, that they might drink."
Aspect9, Amos 2:7 "That pant after the dust of the earth on the head of the poor, and turn aside the way of the meek: and a man and his father will go in unto the same maid, to profane my holy name:"
Aspect9, Obadiah 1:20 "And the captivity of this host of the children of Israel shall possess that of the Canaanites, even unto Zarephath; and the captivity of Jerusalem, which is in Sepharad, shall possess the cities of the south."
Aspect9, Jonah 1:2 "Arise, go to Nineveh, that great city, and cry against it; for their wickedness is come up before me."
Aspect9, Jonah 3:5 "So the people of Nineveh believed God, and proclaimed a fast, and put on sackcloth, from the greatest of them even to the least of them."
Aspect9, Micah 2:8 "Even of late my people is risen up as an enemy: ye pull off the robe with the garment from them that pass by securely as men averse from war."
Aspect9, Micah 2:11 "If a man walking in the spirit and falsehood do lie, saying, I will prophesy unto thee of wine and of strong drink; he shall even be the prophet of this people."
Aspect9, Micah 5:6 "And they shall waste the land of Assyria with the sword, and the land of Nimrod in the entrances thereof: thus shall he deliver us from the Assyrian, when he cometh into our land, and when he treadeth within our borders."
Aspect9, Nahum 1:1 "The burden of Nineveh. The book of the vision of Nahum the Elkoshite."
Aspect9, Nahum 3:4 "Because of the multitude of the whoredoms of the wellfavoured harlot, the mistress of witchcrafts, that selleth nations through her whoredoms, and families through her witchcrafts."
Aspect9, Nahum 3:12 "All thy strong holds shall be like fig trees with the firstripe figs: if they be shaken, they shall even fall into the mouth of the eater."
Aspect9, Habakkuk 1:2 "O LORD, how long shall I cry, and thou wilt not hear! even cry out unto thee of violence, and thou wilt not save!"
Aspect9, Habakkuk 1:4 "Therefore the law is slacked, and judgment doth never go forth: for the wicked doth compass about the righteous; therefore wrong judgment proceedeth."
Aspect9, Zephaniah 3:10 "From beyond the rivers of Ethiopia my suppliants, even the daughter of my dispersed, shall bring mine offering."
Aspect9, Zechariah 6:2 "In the first chariot were red horses; and in the second chariot black horses;"
Aspect9, Zechariah 7:14 "But I scattered them with a whirlwind among all the nations whom they knew not. Thus the land was desolate after them, that no man passed through nor returned: for they laid the pleasant land desolate."
Aspect9, Zechariah 9:7 "And I will take away his blood out of his mouth, and his abominations from between his teeth: but he that remaineth, even he, shall be for our God, and he shall be as a governor in Judah, and Ekron as a Jebusite."
Aspect9, Zechariah 11:7 "And I will feed the flock of slaughter, even you, O poor of the flock. And I took unto me two staves; the one I called Beauty, and the other I called Bands; and I fed the flock."
Aspect9, Zechariah 11:14 "Then I cut asunder mine other staff, even Bands, that I might break the brotherhood between Judah and Israel."
Aspect9, Malachi 2:3 "Behold, I will corrupt your seed, and spread dung upon your faces, even the dung of your solemn feasts; and one shall take you away with it."
Aspect9, Matthew 2:22 "But when he heard that Archelaus did reign in Judaea in the room of his father Herod, he was afraid to go thither: notwithstanding, being warned of God in a dream, he turned aside into the parts of Galilee:"
Aspect9, Matthew 4:2 "And when he had fasted forty days and forty nights, he was afterward an hungred."
Aspect9, Matthew 4:22 "And they immediately left the ship and their father, and followed him."
Aspect9, Matthew 5:48 "Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect."
Aspect9, Matthew 6:14 "For if ye forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you:"
Aspect9, Matthew 6:15 "But if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses."
Aspect9, Matthew 10:29 "Are not two sparrows sold for a farthing? and one of them shall not fall on the ground without your Father."
Aspect9, Matthew 10:35 "For I am come to set a man at variance against his father, and the daughter against her mother, and the daughter in law against her mother in law."
Aspect9, Matthew 10:37 "He that loveth father or mother more than me is not worthy of me: and he that loveth son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me."
Aspect9, Matthew 11:20 "Then began he to upbraid the cities wherein most of his mighty works were done, because they repented not:"
Aspect9, Matthew 11:26 "Even so, Father: for so it seemed good in thy sight."
Aspect9, Matthew 12:50 "For whosoever shall do the will of my Father which is in heaven, the same is my brother, and sister, and mother."
Aspect9, Matthew 13:43 "Then shall the righteous shine forth as the sun in the kingdom of their Father. Who hath ears to hear, let him hear."
Aspect9, Matthew 15:4 "For God commanded, saying, Honour thy father and mother: and, He that curseth father or mother, let him die the death."
Aspect9, Matthew 18:14 "Even so it is not the will of your Father which is in heaven, that one of these little ones should perish."
Aspect9, Matthew 18:33 "Shouldest not thou also have had compassion on thy fellowservant, even as I had pity on thee?"
Aspect9, Matthew 23:9 "And call no man your father upon the earth: for one is your Father, which is in heaven."
Aspect9, Matthew 24:36 "But of that day and hour knoweth no man, no, not the angels of heaven, but my Father only."
Aspect9, Matthew 26:39 "And he went a little farther, and fell on his face, and prayed, saying, O my Father, if it be possible, let this cup pass from me: nevertheless not as I will, but as thou wilt."
Aspect9, Matthew 26:53 "Thinkest thou that I cannot now pray to my Father, and he shall presently give me more than twelve legions of angels?"
Aspect9, Matthew 28:19 "Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost:"
Aspect9, Mark 1:32 "And at even, when the sun did set, they brought unto him all that were diseased, and them that were possessed with devils."
Aspect9, Mark 5:40 "And they laughed him to scorn. But when he had put them all out, he taketh the father and the mother of the damsel, and them that were with him, and entereth in where the damsel was lying."
Aspect9, Mark 7:10 "For Moses said, Honour thy father and thy mother; and, Whoso curseth father or mother, let him die the death:"
Aspect9, Mark 10:7 "For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and cleave to his wife;"
Aspect9, Mark 11:6 "And they said unto them even as Jesus had commanded: and they let them go."
Aspect9, Mark 11:20 "And in the morning, as they passed by, they saw the fig tree dried up from the roots."
Aspect9, Mark 11:26 "But if ye do not forgive, neither will your Father which is in heaven forgive your trespasses."
Aspect9, Mark 12:44 "For all they did cast in of their abundance; but she of her want did cast in all that she had, even all her living."
Aspect9, Mark 13:12 "Now the brother shall betray the brother to death, and the father the son; and children shall rise up against their parents, and shall cause them to be put to death."
Aspect9, Mark 13:22 "For false Christs and false prophets shall rise, and shall shew signs and wonders, to seduce, if it were possible, even the elect."
Aspect9, Mark 14:36 "And he said, Abba, Father, all things are possible unto thee; take away this cup from me: nevertheless not what I will, but what thou wilt."
Aspect9, Mark 15:21 "And they compel one Simon a Cyrenian, who passed by, coming out of the country, the father of Alexander and Rufus, to bear his cross."
Aspect9, Luke 1:2 "Even as they delivered them unto us, which from the beginning were eyewitnesses, and ministers of the word;"
Aspect9, Luke 1:17 "And he shall go before him in the spirit and power of Elias, to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the disobedient to the wisdom of the just; to make ready a people prepared for the Lord."
Aspect9, Luke 1:73 "The oath which he sware to our father Abraham,"
Aspect9, Luke 10:21 "In that hour Jesus rejoiced in spirit, and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, that thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes: even so, Father; for so it seemed good in thy sight."
Aspect9, Luke 11:11 "If a son shall ask bread of any of you that is a father, will he give him a stone? or if he ask a fish, will he for a fish give him a serpent?"
Aspect9, Luke 11:12 "Or if he shall ask an egg, will he offer him a scorpion?"
Aspect9, Luke 12:32 "Fear not, little flock; for it is your Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom."
Aspect9, Luke 12:53 "The father shall be divided against the son, and the son against the father; the mother against the daughter, and the daughter against the mother; the mother in law against her daughter in law, and the daughter in law against her mother in law."
Aspect9, Luke 15:12 "And the younger of them said to his father, Father, give me the portion of goods that falleth to me. And he divided unto them his living."
Aspect9, Luke 15:18 "I will arise and go to my father, and will say unto him, Father, I have sinned against heaven, and before thee,"
Aspect9, Luke 15:20 "And he arose, and came to his father. But when he was yet a great way off, his father saw him, and had compassion, and ran, and fell on his neck, and kissed him."
Aspect9, Luke 15:28 "And he was angry, and would not go in: therefore came his father out, and intreated him."
Aspect9, Luke 16:24 "And he cried and said, Father Abraham, have mercy on me, and send Lazarus, that he may dip the tip of his finger in water, and cool my tongue; for I am tormented in this flame."
Aspect9, Luke 16:27 "Then he said, I pray thee therefore, father, that thou wouldest send him to my father's house:"
Aspect9, Luke 16:30 "And he said, Nay, father Abraham: but if one went unto them from the dead, they will repent."
Aspect9, Luke 19:37 "And when he was come nigh, even now at the descent of the mount of Olives, the whole multitude of the disciples began to rejoice and praise God with a loud voice for all the mighty works that they had seen;"
Aspect9, Luke 22:42 "Saying, Father, if thou be willing, remove this cup from me: nevertheless not my will, but thine, be done."
Aspect9, Luke 24:11 "And their words seemed to them as idle tales, and they believed them not."
Aspect9, John 2:11 "This beginning of miracles did Jesus in Cana of Galilee, and manifested forth his glory; and his disciples believed on him."
Aspect9, John 4:4 "And he must needs go through Samaria."
Aspect9, John 4:23 "But the hour cometh, and now is, when the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth: for the Father seeketh such to worship him."
Aspect9, John 4:53 "So the father knew that it was at the same hour, in the which Jesus said unto him, Thy son liveth: and himself believed, and his whole house."
Aspect9, John 5:21 "For as the Father raiseth up the dead, and quickeneth them; even so the Son quickeneth whom he will."
Aspect9, John 5:23 "That all men should honour the Son, even as they honour the Father. He that honoureth not the Son honoureth not the Father which hath sent him."
Aspect9, John 5:45 "Do not think that I will accuse you to the Father: there is one that accuseth you, even Moses, in whom ye trust."
Aspect9, John 6:57 "As the living Father hath sent me, and I live by the Father: so he that eateth me, even he shall live by me."
Aspect9, John 8:19 "Then said they unto him, Where is thy Father? Jesus answered, Ye neither know me, nor my Father: if ye had known me, ye should have known my Father also."
Aspect9, John 8:27 "They understood not that he spake to them of the Father."
Aspect9, John 8:38 "I speak that which I have seen with my Father: and ye do that which ye have seen with your father."
Aspect9, John 8:39 "They answered and said unto him, Abraham is our father. Jesus saith unto them, If ye were Abraham's children, ye would do the works of Abraham."
Aspect9, John 8:41 "Ye do the deeds of your father. Then said they to him, We be not born of fornication; we have one Father, even God."
Aspect9, John 8:44 "Ye are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own: for he is a liar, and the father of it."
Aspect9, John 8:56 "Your father Abraham rejoiced to see my day: and he saw it, and was glad."
Aspect9, John 10:9 "I am the door: by me if any man enter in, he shall be saved, and shall go in and out, and find pasture."
Aspect9, John 10:15 "As the Father knoweth me, even so know I the Father: and I lay down my life for the sheep."
Aspect9, John 10:29 "My Father, which gave them me, is greater than all; and no man is able to pluck them out of my Father's hand."
Aspect9, John 10:30 "I and my Father are one."
Aspect9, John 10:32 "Jesus answered them, Many good works have I shewed you from my Father; for which of those works do ye stone me?"
Aspect9, John 10:37 "If I do not the works of my Father, believe me not."
Aspect9, John 10:42 "And many believed on him there."
Aspect9, John 12:26 "If any man serve me, let him follow me; and where I am, there shall also my servant be: if any man serve me, him will my Father honour."
Aspect9, John 14:2 "In my Father's house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you."
Aspect9, John 14:10 "Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works."
Aspect9, John 14:11 "Believe me that I am in the Father, and the Father in me: or else believe me for the very works' sake."
Aspect9, John 14:31 "But that the world may know that I love the Father; and as the Father gave me commandment, even so I do. Arise, let us go hence."
Aspect9, John 15:1 "I am the true vine, and my Father is the husbandman."
Aspect9, John 15:9 "As the Father hath loved me, so have I loved you: continue ye in my love."
Aspect9, John 15:23 "He that hateth me hateth my Father also."
Aspect9, John 15:26 "But when the Comforter is come, whom I will send unto you from the Father, even the Spirit of truth, which proceedeth from the Father, he shall testify of me:"
Aspect9, John 16:3 "And these things will they do unto you, because they have not known the Father, nor me."
Aspect9, John 16:27 "For the Father himself loveth you, because ye have loved me, and have believed that I came out from God."
Aspect9, John 16:28 "I came forth from the Father, and am come into the world: again, I leave the world, and go to the Father."
Aspect9, John 17:16 "They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world."
Aspect9, John 18:13 "And led him away to Annas first; for he was father in law to Caiaphas, which was the high priest that same year."
Aspect9, Acts 2:33 "Therefore being by the right hand of God exalted, and having received of the Father the promise of the Holy Ghost, he hath shed forth this, which ye now see and hear."
Aspect9, Acts 7:16 "And were carried over into Sychem, and laid in the sepulchre that Abraham bought for a sum of money of the sons of Emmor the father of Sychem."
Aspect9, Acts 9:19 "And when he had received meat, he was strengthened. Then was Saul certain days with the disciples which were at Damascus."
Aspect9, Acts 16:3 "Him would Paul have to go forth with him; and took and circumcised him because of the Jews which were in those quarters: for they knew all that his father was a Greek."
Aspect9, Acts 17:4 "And some of them believed, and consorted with Paul and Silas; and of the devout Greeks a great multitude, and of the chief women not a few."
Aspect9, Acts 23:13 "And they were more than forty which had made this conspiracy."
Aspect9, Acts 27:25 "Wherefore, sirs, be of good cheer: for I believe God, that it shall be even as it was told me."
Aspect9, Acts 28:18 "Who, when they had examined me, would have let me go, because there was no cause of death in me."
Aspect9, Romans 3:15 "Their feet are swift to shed blood:"
Aspect9, Romans 3:22 "Even the righteousness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all them that believe: for there is no difference:"
Aspect9, Romans 4:3 "For what saith the scripture? Abraham believed God, and it was counted unto him for righteousness."
Aspect9, Romans 4:6 "Even as David also describeth the blessedness of the man, unto whom God imputeth righteousness without works,"
Aspect9, Romans 4:11 "And he received the sign of circumcision, a seal of the righteousness of the faith which he had yet being uncircumcised: that he might be the father of all them that believe, though they be not circumcised; that righteousness might be imputed unto them also:"
Aspect9, Romans 4:12 "And the father of circumcision to them who are not of the circumcision only, but who also walk in the steps of that faith of our father Abraham, which he had being yet uncircumcised."
Aspect9, Romans 4:13 "For the promise, that he should be the heir of the world, was not to Abraham, or to his seed, through the law, but through the righteousness of faith."
Aspect9, Romans 4:17 "(As it is written, I have made thee a father of many nations,) before him whom he believed, even God, who quickeneth the dead, and calleth those things which be not as though they were."
Aspect9, Romans 4:18 "Who against hope believed in hope, that he might become the father of many nations, according to that which was spoken, So shall thy seed be."
Aspect9, Romans 6:4 "Therefore we are buried with him by baptism into death: that like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the Father, even so we also should walk in newness of life."
Aspect9, Romans 8:23 "And not only they, but ourselves also, which have the firstfruits of the Spirit, even we ourselves groan within ourselves, waiting for the adoption, to wit, the redemption of our body."
Aspect9, Romans 9:10 "And not only this; but when Rebecca also had conceived by one, even by our father Isaac;"
Aspect9, Romans 9:30 "What shall we say then? That the Gentiles, which followed not after righteousness, have attained to righteousness, even the righteousness which is of faith."
Aspect9, Romans 11:5 "Even so then at this present time also there is a remnant according to the election of grace."
Aspect9, Romans 11:28 "As concerning the gospel, they are enemies for your sakes: but as touching the election, they are beloved for the father's sakes."
Aspect9, Romans 15:6 "That ye may with one mind and one mouth glorify God, even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ."
Aspect9, 1 Corinthians 1:6 "Even as the testimony of Christ was confirmed in you:"
Aspect9, 1 Corinthians 4:11 "Even unto this present hour we both hunger, and thirst, and are naked, and are buffeted, and have no certain dwellingplace;"
Aspect9, 1 Corinthians 5:1 "It is reported commonly that there is fornication among you, and such fornication as is not so much as named among the Gentiles, that one should have his father's wife."
Aspect9, 1 Corinthians 11:5 "But every woman that prayeth or prophesieth with her head uncovered dishonoureth her head: for that is even all one as if she were shaven."
Aspect9, 1 Corinthians 12:22 "Nay, much more those members of the body, which seem to be more feeble, are necessary:"
Aspect9, 1 Corinthians 14:7 "And even things without life giving sound, whether pipe or harp, except they give a distinction in the sounds, how shall it be known what is piped or harped?"
Aspect9, 1 Corinthians 15:22 "For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive."
Aspect9, 1 Corinthians 15:24 "Then cometh the end, when he shall have delivered up the kingdom to God, even the Father; when he shall have put down all rule and all authority and power."
Aspect9, 2 Corinthians 1:3 "Blessed be God, even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of mercies, and the God of all comfort;"
Aspect9, 2 Corinthians 1:8 "For we would not, brethren, have you ignorant of our trouble which came to us in Asia, that we were pressed out of measure, above strength, insomuch that we despaired even of life:"
Aspect9, 2 Corinthians 1:19 "For the Son of God, Jesus Christ, who was preached among you by us, even by me and Silvanus and Timotheus, was not yea and nay, but in him was yea."
Aspect9, 2 Corinthians 3:10 "For even that which was made glorious had no glory in this respect, by reason of the glory that excelleth."
Aspect9, 2 Corinthians 13:9 "For we are glad, when we are weak, and ye are strong: and this also we wish, even your perfection."
Aspect9, Galatians 3:6 "Even as Abraham believed God, and it was accounted to him for righteousness."
Aspect9, Galatians 4:2 "But is under tutors and governors until the time appointed of the father."
Aspect9, Galatians 4:3 "Even so we, when we were children, were in bondage under the elements of the world:"
Aspect9, Galatians 5:12 "I would they were even cut off which trouble you."
Aspect9, Ephesians 4:6 "One God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in you all."
Aspect9, Ephesians 6:2 "Honour thy father and mother; which is the first commandment with promise;"
Aspect9, Philippians 1:15 "Some indeed preach Christ even of envy and strife; and some also of good will:"
Aspect9, Philippians 2:8 "And being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself, and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross."
Aspect9, Philippians 3:18 "(For many walk, of whom I have told you often, and now tell you even weeping, that they are the enemies of the cross of Christ:"
Aspect9, Colossians 1:14 "In whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sins:"
Aspect9, Colossians 1:19 "For it pleased the Father that in him should all fulness dwell;"
Aspect9, Colossians 2:2 "That their hearts might be comforted, being knit together in love, and unto all riches of the full assurance of understanding, to the acknowledgement of the mystery of God, and of the Father, and of Christ;"
Aspect9, 1 Thessalonians 2:7 "But we were gentle among you, even as a nurse cherisheth her children:"
Aspect9, 1 Thessalonians 3:4 "For verily, when we were with you, we told you before that we should suffer tribulation; even as it came to pass, and ye know."
Aspect9, 1 Thessalonians 3:13 "To the end he may stablish your hearts unblameable in holiness before God, even our Father, at the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ with all his saints."
Aspect9, 1 Thessalonians 4:5 "Not in the lust of concupiscence, even as the Gentiles which know not God:"
Aspect9, 1 Thessalonians 4:14 "For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him."
Aspect9, 2 Thessalonians 2:9 "Even him, whose coming is after the working of Satan with all power and signs and lying wonders,"
Aspect9, 2 Thessalonians 3:10 "For even when we were with you, this we commanded you, that if any would not work, neither should he eat."
Aspect9, 1 Timothy 5:1 "Rebuke not an elder, but intreat him as a father; and the younger men as brethren;"
Aspect9, 1 Timothy 6:3 "If any man teach otherwise, and consent not to wholesome words, even the words of our Lord Jesus Christ, and to the doctrine which is according to godliness;"
Aspect9, Hebrews 3:18 "And to whom sware he that they should not enter into his rest, but to them that believed not?"
Aspect9, Hebrews 4:3 "For we which have believed do enter into rest, as he said, As I have sworn in my wrath, if they shall enter into my rest: although the works were finished from the foundation of the world."
Aspect9, Hebrews 7:10 "For he was yet in the loins of his father, when Melchisedec met him."
Aspect9, Hebrews 10:2 "For then would they not have ceased to be offered? because that the worshippers once purged should have had no more conscience of sins."
Aspect9, Hebrews 10:19 "Having therefore, brethren, boldness to enter into the holiest by the blood of Jesus,"
Aspect9, James 2:21 "Was not Abraham our father justified by works, when he had offered Isaac his son upon the altar?"
Aspect9, James 2:23 "And the scripture was fulfilled which saith, Abraham believed God, and it was imputed unto him for righteousness: and he was called the Friend of God."
Aspect9, James 3:9 "Therewith bless we God, even the Father; and therewith curse we men, which are made after the similitude of God."
Aspect9, 1 Peter 1:9 "Receiving the end of your faith, even the salvation of your souls."
Aspect9, 1 Peter 1:17 "And if ye call on the Father, who without respect of persons judgeth according to every man's work, pass the time of your sojourning here in fear:"
Aspect9, 2 Peter 2:1 "But there were false prophets also among the people, even as there shall be false teachers among you, who privily shall bring in damnable heresies, even denying the Lord that bought them, and bring upon themselves swift destruction."
Aspect9, 2 Peter 2:6 "And turning the cities of Sodom and Gomorrha into ashes condemned them with an overthrow, making them an ensample unto those that after should live ungodly;"
Aspect9, 2 Peter 2:21 "For it had been better for them not to have known the way of righteousness, than, after they have known it, to turn from the holy commandment delivered unto them."
Aspect9, 1 John 2:1 "My little children, these things write I unto you, that ye sin not. And if any man sin, we have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the righteous:"
Aspect9, 1 John 2:16 "For all that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, and the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life, is not of the Father, but is of the world."
Aspect9, 1 John 3:7 "Little children, let no man deceive you: he that doeth righteousness is righteous, even as he is righteous."
Aspect9, Jude 1:7 "Even as Sodom and Gomorrha, and the cities about them in like manner, giving themselves over to fornication, and going after strange flesh, are set forth for an example, suffering the vengeance of eternal fire."
Aspect9, Revelation 1:7 "Behold, he cometh with clouds; and every eye shall see him, and they also which pierced him: and all kindreds of the earth shall wail because of him. Even so, Amen."
Aspect9, Revelation 2:27 "And he shall rule them with a rod of iron; as the vessels of a potter shall they be broken to shivers: even as I received of my Father."
Aspect9, Revelation 3:4 "Thou hast a few names even in Sardis which have not defiled their garments; and they shall walk with me in white: for they are worthy."
Aspect9, Revelation 3:21 "To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame, and am set down with my Father in his throne."
Aspect9, Revelation 5:2 "And I saw a strong angel proclaiming with a loud voice, Who is worthy to open the book, and to loose the seals thereof?"
Aspect9, Revelation 6:13 "And the stars of heaven fell unto the earth, even as a fig tree casteth her untimely figs, when she is shaken of a mighty wind."
Aspect9, Revelation 17:11 "And the beast that was, and is not, even he is the eighth, and is of the seven, and goeth into perdition."
Aspect9, Revelation 22:11 "He that is unjust, let him be unjust still: and he which is filthy, let him be filthy still: and he that is righteous, let him be righteous still: and he that is holy, let him be holy still."
