Aspect22, Genesis 1:5 "And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And the evening and the morning were the first day."
Aspect22, Genesis 1:9 "And God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together unto one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so."
Aspect22, Genesis 1:12 "And the earth brought forth grass, and herb yielding seed after his kind, and the tree yielding fruit, whose seed was in itself, after his kind: and God saw that it was good."
Aspect22, Genesis 1:13 "And the evening and the morning were the third day."
Aspect22, Genesis 1:18 "And to rule over the day and over the night, and to divide the light from the darkness: and God saw that it was good."
Aspect22, Genesis 1:21 "And God created great whales, and every living creature that moveth, which the waters brought forth abundantly, after their kind, and every winged fowl after his kind: and God saw that it was good."
Aspect22, Genesis 1:23 "And the evening and the morning were the fifth day."
Aspect22, Genesis 1:24 "And God said, Let the earth bring forth the living creature after his kind, cattle, and creeping thing, and beast of the earth after his kind: and it was so."
Aspect22, Genesis 1:25 "And God made the beast of the earth after his kind, and cattle after their kind, and every thing that creepeth upon the earth after his kind: and God saw that it was good."
Aspect22, Genesis 1:27 "So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them."
Aspect22, Genesis 1:29 "And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat."
Aspect22, Genesis 1:30 "And to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the air, and to every thing that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is life, I have given every green herb for meat: and it was so."
Aspect22, Genesis 1:31 "And God saw every thing that he had made, and, behold, it was very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day."
Aspect22, Genesis 2:9 "And out of the ground made the LORD God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also in the midst of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil."
Aspect22, Genesis 3:16 "Unto the woman he said, I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception; in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children; and thy desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee."
Aspect22, Genesis 4:5 "But unto Cain and to his offering he had not respect. And Cain was very wroth, and his countenance fell."
Aspect22, Genesis 4:14 "Behold, thou hast driven me out this day from the face of the earth; and from thy face shall I be hid; and I shall be a fugitive and a vagabond in the earth; and it shall come to pass, that every one that findeth me shall slay me."
Aspect22, Genesis 4:17 "And Cain knew his wife; and she conceived, and bare Enoch: and he builded a city, and called the name of the city, after the name of his son, Enoch."
Aspect22, Genesis 5:2 "Male and female created he them; and blessed them, and called their name Adam, in the day when they were created."
Aspect22, Genesis 5:3 "And Adam lived an hundred and thirty years, and begat a son in his own likeness, and after his image; and called his name Seth:"
Aspect22, Genesis 5:19 "And Jared lived after he begat Enoch eight hundred years, and begat sons and daughters:"
Aspect22, Genesis 5:22 "And Enoch walked with God after he begat Methuselah three hundred years, and begat sons and daughters:"
Aspect22, Genesis 6:5 "And God saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually."
Aspect22, Genesis 6:12 "And God looked upon the earth, and, behold, it was corrupt; for all flesh had corrupted his way upon the earth."
Aspect22, Genesis 6:17 "And, behold, I, even I, do bring a flood of waters upon the earth, to destroy all flesh, wherein is the breath of life, from under heaven; and every thing that is in the earth shall die."
Aspect22, Genesis 6:19 "And of every living thing of all flesh, two of every sort shalt thou bring into the ark, to keep them alive with thee; they shall be male and female."
Aspect22, Genesis 7:2 "Of every clean beast thou shalt take to thee by sevens, the male and his female: and of beasts that are not clean by two, the male and his female."
Aspect22, Genesis 7:4 "For yet seven days, and I will cause it to rain upon the earth forty days and forty nights; and every living substance that I have made will I destroy from off the face of the earth."
Aspect22, Genesis 7:12 "And the rain was upon the earth forty days and forty nights."
Aspect22, Genesis 7:15 "And they went in unto Noah into the ark, two and two of all flesh, wherein is the breath of life."
Aspect22, Genesis 7:17 "And the flood was forty days upon the earth; and the waters increased, and bare up the ark, and it was lift up above the earth."
Aspect22, Genesis 7:21 "And all flesh died that moved upon the earth, both of fowl, and of cattle, and of beast, and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth, and every man:"
Aspect22, Genesis 7:23 "And every living substance was destroyed which was upon the face of the ground, both man, and cattle, and the creeping things, and the fowl of the heaven; and they were destroyed from the earth: and Noah only remained alive, and they that were with him in the ark."
Aspect22, Genesis 8:7 "And he sent forth a raven, which went forth to and fro, until the waters were dried up from off the earth."
Aspect22, Genesis 8:9 "But the dove found no rest for the sole of her foot, and she returned unto him into the ark, for the waters were on the face of the whole earth: then he put forth his hand, and took her, and pulled her in unto him into the ark."
Aspect22, Genesis 8:16 "Go forth of the ark, thou, and thy wife, and thy sons, and thy sons' wives with thee."
Aspect22, Genesis 8:17 "Bring forth with thee every living thing that is with thee, of all flesh, both of fowl, and of cattle, and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth; that they may breed abundantly in the earth, and be fruitful, and multiply upon the earth."
Aspect22, Genesis 8:19 "Every beast, every creeping thing, and every fowl, and whatsoever creepeth upon the earth, after their kinds, went forth out of the ark."
Aspect22, Genesis 8:20 "And Noah builded an altar unto the LORD; and took of every clean beast, and of every clean fowl, and offered burnt offerings on the altar."
Aspect22, Genesis 9:2 "And the fear of you and the dread of you shall be upon every beast of the earth, and upon every fowl of the air, upon all that moveth upon the earth, and upon all the fishes of the sea; into your hand are they delivered."
Aspect22, Genesis 9:7 "And you, be ye fruitful, and multiply; bring forth abundantly in the earth, and multiply therein."
Aspect22, Genesis 9:20 "And Noah began to be an husbandman, and he planted a vineyard:"
Aspect22, Genesis 10:8 "And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to be a mighty one in the earth."
Aspect22, Genesis 10:11 "Out of that land went forth Asshur, and builded Nineveh, and the city Rehoboth, and Calah,"
Aspect22, Genesis 12:1 "Now the LORD had said unto Abram, Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father's house, unto a land that I will show thee:"
Aspect22, Genesis 12:2 "And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless thee, and make thy name great; and thou shalt be a blessing:"
Aspect22, Genesis 12:3 "And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse him that curseth thee: and in thee shall all families of the earth be blessed."
Aspect22, Genesis 12:12 "Therefore it shall come to pass, when the Egyptians shall see thee, that they shall say, This is his wife: and they will kill me, but they will save thee alive."
Aspect22, Genesis 12:13 "Say, I pray thee, thou art my sister: that it may be well with me for thy sake; and my soul shall live because of thee."
Aspect22, Genesis 13:8 "And Abram said unto Lot, Let there be no strife, I pray thee, between me and thee, and between my herdmen and thy herdmen; for we be brethren."
Aspect22, Genesis 13:9 "Is not the whole land before thee? separate thyself, I pray thee, from me: if thou wilt take the left hand, then I will go to the right; or if thou depart to the right hand, then I will go to the left."
Aspect22, Genesis 13:15 "For all the land which thou seest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed for ever."
Aspect22, Genesis 13:17 "Arise, walk through the land in the length of it and in the breadth of it; for I will give it unto thee."
Aspect22, Genesis 15:7 "And he said unto him, I am the LORD that brought thee out of Ur of the Chaldees, to give thee this land to inherit it."
Aspect22, Genesis 15:10 "And he took unto him all these, and divided them in the midst, and laid each piece one against another: but the birds divided he not."
Aspect22, Genesis 16:5 "And Sarai said unto Abram, My wrong be upon thee: I have given my maid into thy bosom; and when she saw that she had conceived, I was despised in her eyes: the LORD judge between me and thee."
Aspect22, Genesis 17:2 "And I will make my covenant between me and thee, and will multiply thee exceedingly."
Aspect22, Genesis 17:5 "Neither shall thy name any more be called Abram, but thy name shall be Abraham; for a father of many nations have I made thee."
Aspect22, Genesis 17:6 "And I will make thee exceeding fruitful, and I will make nations of thee, and kings shall come out of thee."
Aspect22, Genesis 17:7 "And I will establish my covenant between me and thee and thy seed after thee in their generations for an everlasting covenant, to be a God unto thee, and to thy seed after thee."
Aspect22, Genesis 17:8 "And I will give unto thee, and to thy seed after thee, the land wherein thou art a stranger, all the land of Canaan, for an everlasting possession; and I will be their God."
Aspect22, Genesis 17:10 "This is my covenant, which ye shall keep, between me and you and thy seed after thee; Every man child among you shall be circumcised."
Aspect22, Genesis 17:18 "And Abraham said unto God, O that Ishmael might live before thee!"
Aspect22, Genesis 17:19 "And God said, Sarah thy wife shall bear thee a son indeed; and thou shalt call his name Isaac: and I will establish my covenant with him for an everlasting covenant, and with his seed after him."
Aspect22, Genesis 17:20 "And as for Ishmael, I have heard thee: Behold, I have blessed him, and will make him fruitful, and will multiply him exceedingly; twelve princes shall he beget, and I will make him a great nation."
Aspect22, Genesis 18:10 "And he said, I will certainly return unto thee according to the time of life; and, lo, Sarah thy wife shall have a son. And Sarah heard it in the tent door, which was behind him."
Aspect22, Genesis 18:25 "That be far from thee to do after this manner, to slay the righteous with the wicked: and that the righteous should be as the wicked, that be far from thee: Shall not the Judge of all the earth do right?"
Aspect22, Genesis 19:21 "And he said unto him, See, I have accepted thee concerning this thing also, that I will not overthrow this city, for the which thou hast spoken."
Aspect22, Genesis 19:37 "And the first born bare a son, and called his name Moab: the same is the father of the Moabites unto this day."
Aspect22, Genesis 20:6 "And God said unto him in a dream, Yea, I know that thou didst this in the integrity of thy heart; for I also withheld thee from sinning against me: therefore suffered I thee not to touch her."
Aspect22, Genesis 20:15 "And Abimelech said, Behold, my land is before thee: dwell where it pleaseth thee."
Aspect22, Genesis 20:16 "And unto Sarah he said, Behold, I have given thy brother a thousand pieces of silver: behold, he is to thee a covering of the eyes, unto all that are with thee, and with all other: thus she was reproved."
Aspect22, Genesis 21:17 "And God heard the voice of the lad; and the angel of God called to Hagar out of heaven, and said unto her, What aileth thee, Hagar? fear not; for God hath heard the voice of the lad where he is."
Aspect22, Genesis 22:2 "And he said, Take now thy son, thine only son Isaac, whom thou lovest, and get thee into the land of Moriah; and offer him there for a burnt offering upon one of the mountains which I will tell thee of."
Aspect22, Genesis 22:4 "Then on the third day Abraham lifted up his eyes, and saw the place afar off."
Aspect22, Genesis 22:10 "And Abraham stretched forth his hand, and took the knife to slay his son."
Aspect22, Genesis 22:21 "Huz his firstborn, and Buz his brother, and Kemuel the father of Aram,"
Aspect22, Genesis 23:13 "And he spake unto Ephron in the audience of the people of the land, saying, But if thou wilt give it, I pray thee, hear me: I will give thee money for the field; take it of me, and I will bury my dead there."
Aspect22, Genesis 24:12 "And he said O LORD God of my master Abraham, I pray thee, send me good speed this day, and show kindness unto my master Abraham."
Aspect22, Genesis 24:17 "And the servant ran to meet her, and said, Let me, I pray thee, drink a little water of thy pitcher."
Aspect22, Genesis 26:3 "Sojourn in this land, and I will be with thee, and will bless thee; for unto thee, and unto thy seed, I will give all these countries, and I will perform the oath which I sware unto Abraham thy father;"
Aspect22, Genesis 26:20 "And the herdmen of Gerar did strive with Isaac's herdmen, saying, The water is ours: and he called the name of the well Esek; because they strove with him."
Aspect22, Genesis 26:24 "And the LORD appeared unto him the same night, and said, I am the God of Abraham thy father: fear not, for I am with thee, and will bless thee, and multiply thy seed for my servant Abraham's sake."
Aspect22, Genesis 26:28 "And they said, We saw certainly that the LORD was with thee: and we said, Let there be now an oath betwixt us, even betwixt us and thee, and let us make a covenant with thee;"
Aspect22, Genesis 26:29 "That thou wilt do us no hurt, as we have not touched thee, and as we have done unto thee nothing but good, and have sent thee away in peace: thou art now the blessed of the LORD."
Aspect22, Genesis 26:33 "And he called it Shebah: therefore the name of the city is Beersheba unto this day."
Aspect22, Genesis 27:3 "Now therefore take, I pray thee, thy weapons, thy quiver and thy bow, and go out to the field, and take me some venison;"
Aspect22, Genesis 27:21 "And Isaac said unto Jacob, Come near, I pray thee, that I may feel thee, my son, whether thou be my very son Esau or not."
Aspect22, Genesis 27:28 "Therefore God give thee of the dew of heaven, and the fatness of the earth, and plenty of corn and wine:"
Aspect22, Genesis 27:29 "Let people serve thee, and nations bow down to thee: be lord over thy brethren, and let thy mother's sons bow down to thee: cursed be every one that curseth thee, and blessed be he that blesseth thee."
Aspect22, Genesis 27:42 "And these words of Esau her elder son were told to Rebekah: and she sent and called Jacob her younger son, and said unto him, Behold, thy brother Esau, as touching thee, doth comfort himself, purposing to kill thee."
Aspect22, Genesis 27:45 "Until thy brother's anger turn away from thee, and he forget that which thou hast done to him: then I will send, and fetch thee from thence: why should I be deprived also of you both in one day?"
Aspect22, Genesis 28:3 "And God Almighty bless thee, and make thee fruitful, and multiply thee, that thou mayest be a multitude of people;"
Aspect22, Genesis 28:4 "And give thee the blessing of Abraham, to thee, and to thy seed with thee; that thou mayest inherit the land wherein thou art a stranger, which God gave unto Abraham."
Aspect22, Genesis 28:12 "And he dreamed, and behold a ladder set up on the earth, and the top of it reached to heaven: and behold the angels of God ascending and descending on it."
Aspect22, Genesis 28:14 "And thy seed shall be as the dust of the earth, and thou shalt spread abroad to the west, and to the east, and to the north, and to the south: and in thee and in thy seed shall all the families of the earth be blessed."
Aspect22, Genesis 28:15 "And, behold, I am with thee, and will keep thee in all places whither thou goest, and will bring thee again into this land; for I will not leave thee, until I have done that which I have spoken to thee of."
Aspect22, Genesis 30:2 "And Jacob's anger was kindled against Rachel: and he said, Am I in God's stead, who hath withheld from thee the fruit of the womb?"
Aspect22, Genesis 30:26 "Give me my wives and my children, for whom I have served thee, and let me go: for thou knowest my service which I have done thee."
Aspect22, Genesis 30:43 "And the man increased exceedingly, and had much cattle, and maidservants, and menservants, and camels, and asses."
Aspect22, Genesis 31:38 "This twenty years have I been with thee; thy ewes and thy she goats have not cast their young, and the rams of thy flock have I not eaten."
Aspect22, Genesis 31:48 "And Laban said, This heap is a witness between me and thee this day. Therefore was the name of it called Galeed;"
Aspect22, Genesis 31:51 "And Laban said to Jacob, Behold this heap, and behold this pillar, which I have cast betwixt me and thee:"
Aspect22, Genesis 32:9 "And Jacob said, O God of my father Abraham, and God of my father Isaac, the LORD which saidst unto me, Return unto thy country, and to thy kindred, and I will deal well with thee:"
Aspect22, Genesis 32:12 "And thou saidst, I will surely do thee good, and make thy seed as the sand of the sea, which cannot be numbered for multitude."
Aspect22, Genesis 32:17 "And he commanded the foremost, saying, When Esau my brother meeteth thee, and asketh thee, saying, Whose art thou? and whither goest thou? and whose are these before thee?"
Aspect22, Genesis 32:24 "And Jacob was left alone; and there wrestled a man with him until the breaking of the day."
Aspect22, Genesis 33:10 "And Jacob said, Nay, I pray thee, if now I have found grace in thy sight, then receive my present at my hand: for therefore I have seen thy face, as though I had seen the face of God, and thou wast pleased with me."
Aspect22, Genesis 33:11 "Take, I pray thee, my blessing that is brought to thee; because God hath dealt graciously with me, and because I have enough. And he urged him, and he took it."
Aspect22, Genesis 34:21 "These men are peaceable with us; therefore let them dwell in the land, and trade therein; for the land, behold, it is large enough for them; let us take their daughters to us for wives, and let us give them our daughters."
Aspect22, Genesis 35:3 "And let us arise, and go up to Bethel; and I will make there an altar unto God, who answered me in the day of my distress, and was with me in the way which I went."
Aspect22, Genesis 35:10 "And God said unto him, Thy name is Jacob: thy name shall not be called any more Jacob, but Israel shall be thy name: and he called his name Israel."
Aspect22, Genesis 35:11 "And God said unto him, I am God Almighty: be fruitful and multiply; a nation and a company of nations shall be of thee, and kings shall come out of thy loins;"
Aspect22, Genesis 35:12 "And the land which I gave Abraham and Isaac, to thee I will give it, and to thy seed after thee will I give the land."
Aspect22, Genesis 37:10 "And he told it to his father, and to his brethren: and his father rebuked him, and said unto him, What is this dream that thou hast dreamed? Shall I and thy mother and thy brethren indeed come to bow down ourselves to thee to the earth?"
Aspect22, Genesis 37:16 "And he said, I seek my brethren: tell me, I pray thee, where they feed their flocks."
Aspect22, Genesis 38:21 "Then he asked the men of that place, saying, Where is the harlot, that was openly by the way side? And they said, There was no harlot in this place."
Aspect22, Genesis 40:14 "But think on me when it shall be well with thee, and show kindness, I pray thee, unto me, and make mention of me unto Pharaoh, and bring me out of this house:"
Aspect22, Genesis 40:19 "Yet within three days shall Pharaoh lift up thy head from off thee, and shall hang thee on a tree; and the birds shall eat thy flesh from off thee."
Aspect22, Genesis 42:37 "And Reuben spake unto his father, saying, Slay my two sons, if I bring him not to thee: deliver him into my hand, and I will bring him to thee again."
Aspect22, Genesis 43:9 "I will be surety for him; of my hand shalt thou require him: if I bring him not unto thee, and set him before thee, then let me bear the blame for ever:"
Aspect22, Genesis 43:28 "And they answered, Thy servant our father is in good health, he is yet alive. And they bowed down their heads, and made obeisance."
Aspect22, Genesis 44:32 "For thy servant became surety for the lad unto my father, saying, If I bring him not unto thee, then I shall bear the blame to my father for ever."
Aspect22, Genesis 44:33 "Now therefore, I pray thee, let thy servant abide instead of the lad a bondman to my lord; and let the lad go up with his brethren."
Aspect22, Genesis 46:3 "And he said, I am God, the God of thy father: fear not to go down into Egypt; for I will there make of thee a great nation:"
Aspect22, Genesis 46:4 "I will go down with thee into Egypt; and I will also surely bring thee up again: and Joseph shall put his hand upon thine eyes."
Aspect22, Genesis 47:4 "They said moreover unto Pharaoh, For to sojourn in the land are we come; for thy servants have no pasture for their flocks; for the famine is sore in the land of Canaan: now therefore, we pray thee, let thy servants dwell in the land of Goshen."
Aspect22, Genesis 47:6 "The land of Egypt is before thee; in the best of the land make thy father and brethren to dwell; in the land of Goshen let them dwell: and if thou knowest any men of activity among them, then make them rulers over my cattle."
Aspect22, Genesis 48:2 "And one told Jacob, and said, Behold, thy son Joseph cometh unto thee: and Israel strengthened himself, and sat upon the bed."
Aspect22, Genesis 48:4 "And said unto me, Behold, I will make thee fruitful, and multiply thee, and I will make of thee a multitude of people; and will give this land to thy seed after thee for an everlasting possession."
Aspect22, Genesis 48:20 "And he blessed them that day, saying, In thee shall Israel bless, saying, God make thee as Ephraim and as Manasseh: and he set Ephraim before Manasseh."
Aspect22, Genesis 48:22 "Moreover I have given to thee one portion above thy brethren, which I took out of the hand of the Amorite with my sword and with my bow."
Aspect22, Genesis 49:24 "But his bow abode in strength, and the arms of his hands were made strong by the hands of the mighty God of Jacob; (from thence is the shepherd, the stone of Israel:)"
Aspect22, Genesis 49:25 "Even by the God of thy father, who shall help thee; and by the Almighty, who shall bless thee with blessings of heaven above, blessings of the deep that lieth under, blessings of the breasts, and of the womb:"
Aspect22, Genesis 50:17 "So shall ye say unto Joseph, Forgive, I pray thee now, the trespass of thy brethren, and their sin; for they did unto thee evil: and now, we pray thee, forgive the trespass of the servants of the God of thy father. And Joseph wept when they spake unto him."
Aspect22, Exodus 2:25 "And God looked upon the children of Israel, and God had respect unto them."
Aspect22, Exodus 3:10 "Come now therefore, and I will send thee unto Pharaoh, that thou mayest bring forth my people the children of Israel out of Egypt."
Aspect22, Exodus 3:12 "And he said, Certainly I will be with thee; and this shall be a token unto thee, that I have sent thee: When thou hast brought forth the people out of Egypt, ye shall serve God upon this mountain."
Aspect22, Exodus 4:14 "And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Moses, and he said, Is not Aaron the Levite thy brother? I know that he can speak well. And also, behold, he cometh forth to meet thee: and when he seeth thee, he will be glad in his heart."
Aspect22, Exodus 4:16 "And he shall be thy spokesman unto the people: and he shall be, even he shall be to thee instead of a mouth, and thou shalt be to him instead of God."
Aspect22, Exodus 8:4 "And the frogs shall come up both on thee, and upon thy people, and upon all thy servants."
Aspect22, Exodus 8:9 "And Moses said unto Pharaoh, Glory over me: when shall I entreat for thee, and for thy servants, and for thy people, to destroy the frogs from thee and thy houses, that they may remain in the river only?"
Aspect22, Exodus 8:11 "And the frogs shall depart from thee, and from thy houses, and from thy servants, and from thy people; they shall remain in the river only."
Aspect22, Exodus 9:16 "And in very deed for this cause have I raised thee up, for to show in thee my power; and that my name may be declared throughout all the earth."
Aspect22, Exodus 9:30 "But as for thee and thy servants, I know that ye will not yet fear the LORD God."
Aspect22, Exodus 10:17 "Now therefore forgive, I pray thee, my sin only this once, and entreat the LORD your God, that he may take away from me this death only."
Aspect22, Exodus 11:8 "And all these thy servants shall come down unto me, and bow down themselves unto me, saying, Get thee out, and all the people that follow thee: and after that I will go out. And he went out from Pharaoh in a great anger."
Aspect22, Exodus 12:17 "And ye shall observe the feast of unleavened bread; for in this selfsame day have I brought your armies out of the land of Egypt: therefore shall ye observe this day in your generations by an ordinance for ever."
Aspect22, Exodus 12:24 "And ye shall observe this thing for an ordinance to thee and to thy sons for ever."
Aspect22, Exodus 13:11 "And it shall be when the LORD shall bring thee into the land of the Canaanites, as he sware unto thee and to thy fathers, and shall give it thee,"
Aspect22, Exodus 14:2 "Speak unto the children of Israel, that they turn and encamp before Pihahiroth, between Migdol and the sea, over against Baalzephon: before it shall ye encamp by the sea."
Aspect22, Exodus 14:12 "Is not this the word that we did tell thee in Egypt, saying, Let us alone, that we may serve the Egyptians? For it had been better for us to serve the Egyptians, than that we should die in the wilderness."
Aspect22, Exodus 14:16 "But lift thou up thy rod, and stretch out thine hand over the sea, and divide it: and the children of Israel shall go on dry ground through the midst of the sea."
Aspect22, Exodus 15:11 "Who is like unto thee, O LORD, among the gods? who is like thee, glorious in holiness, fearful in praises, doing wonders?"
Aspect22, Exodus 16:21 "And they gathered it every morning, every man according to his eating: and when the sun waxed hot, it melted."
Aspect22, Exodus 16:30 "So the people rested on the seventh day."
Aspect22, Exodus 18:16 "When they have a matter, they come unto me; and I judge between one and another, and I do make them know the statutes of God, and his laws."
Aspect22, Exodus 18:19 "Hearken now unto my voice, I will give thee counsel, and God shall be with thee: Be thou for the people to God-ward, that thou mayest bring the causes unto God:"
Aspect22, Exodus 18:22 "And let them judge the people at all seasons: and it shall be, that every great matter they shall bring unto thee, but every small matter they shall judge: so shall it be easier for thyself, and they shall bear the burden with thee."
Aspect22, Exodus 20:12 "Honor thy father and thy mother: that thy days may be long upon the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee."
Aspect22, Exodus 20:24 "An altar of earth thou shalt make unto me, and shalt sacrifice thereon thy burnt offerings, and thy peace offerings, thy sheep, and thine oxen: in all places where I record my name I will come unto thee, and I will bless thee."
Aspect22, Exodus 21:13 "And if a man lie not in wait, but God deliver him into his hand; then I will appoint thee a place whither he shall flee."
Aspect22, Exodus 21:21 "Notwithstanding, if he continue a day or two, he shall not be punished: for he is his money."
Aspect22, Exodus 23:20 "Behold, I send an Angel before thee, to keep thee in the way, and to bring thee into the place which I have prepared."
Aspect22, Exodus 23:23 "For mine Angel shall go before thee, and bring thee in unto the Amorites, and the Hittites, and the Perizzites, and the Canaanites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites: and I will cut them off."
Aspect22, Exodus 23:27 "I will send my fear before thee, and will destroy all the people to whom thou shalt come, and I will make all thine enemies turn their backs unto thee."
Aspect22, Exodus 23:28 "And I will send hornets before thee, which shall drive out the Hivite, the Canaanite, and the Hittite, from before thee."
Aspect22, Exodus 23:29 "I will not drive them out from before thee in one year; lest the land become desolate, and the beast of the field multiply against thee."
Aspect22, Exodus 23:33 "They shall not dwell in thy land, lest they make thee sin against me: for if thou serve their gods, it will surely be a snare unto thee."
Aspect22, Exodus 25:22 "And there I will meet with thee, and I will commune with thee from above the mercy seat, from between the two cherubim which are upon the ark of the testimony, of all things which I will give thee in commandment unto the children of Israel."
Aspect22, Exodus 25:40 "And look that thou make them after their pattern, which was showed thee in the mount."
Aspect22, Exodus 26:2 "The length of one curtain shall be eight and twenty cubits, and the breadth of one curtain four cubits: and every one of the curtains shall have one measure."
Aspect22, Exodus 26:8 "The length of one curtain shall be thirty cubits, and the breadth of one curtain four cubits: and the eleven curtains shall be all of one measure."
Aspect22, Exodus 27:13 "And the breadth of the court on the east side eastward shall be fifty cubits."
Aspect22, Exodus 27:20 "And thou shalt command the children of Israel, that they bring thee pure oil olive beaten for the light, to cause the lamp to burn always."
Aspect22, Exodus 29:38 "Now this is that which thou shalt offer upon the altar; two lambs of the first year day by day continually."
Aspect22, Exodus 30:28 "And the altar of burnt offering with all his vessels, and the laver and his foot."
Aspect22, Exodus 31:11 "And the anointing oil, and sweet incense for the holy place: according to all that I have commanded thee shall they do."
Aspect22, Exodus 31:17 "It is a sign between me and the children of Israel for ever: for in six days the LORD made heaven and earth, and on the seventh day he rested, and was refreshed."
Aspect22, Exodus 32:8 "They have turned aside quickly out of the way which I commanded them: they have made them a molten calf, and have worshipped it, and have sacrificed thereunto, and said, These be thy gods, O Israel, which have brought thee up out of the land of Egypt."
Aspect22, Exodus 32:34 "Therefore now go, lead the people unto the place of which I have spoken unto thee: behold, mine Angel shall go before thee: nevertheless in the day when I visit I will visit their sin upon them."
Aspect22, Exodus 33:2 "And I will send an angel before thee; and I will drive out the Canaanite, the Amorite, and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, the Hivite, and the Jebusite:"
Aspect22, Exodus 33:3 "Unto a land flowing with milk and honey: for I will not go up in the midst of thee; for thou art a stiffnecked people: lest I consume thee in the way."
Aspect22, Exodus 33:5 "For the LORD had said unto Moses, Say unto the children of Israel, Ye are a stiffnecked people: I will come up into the midst of thee in a moment, and consume thee: therefore now put off thy ornaments from thee, that I may know what to do unto thee."
Aspect22, Exodus 33:13 "Now therefore, I pray thee, if I have found grace in thy sight, show me now thy way, that I may know thee, that I may find grace in thy sight: and consider that this nation is thy people."
Aspect22, Exodus 33:14 "And he said, My presence shall go with thee, and I will give thee rest."
Aspect22, Exodus 33:16 "For wherein shall it be known here that I and thy people have found grace in thy sight? is it not in that thou goest with us? so shall we be separated, I and thy people, from all the people that are upon the face of the earth."
Aspect22, Exodus 33:18 "And he said, I beseech thee, show me thy glory."
Aspect22, Exodus 33:19 "And he said, I will make all my goodness pass before thee, and I will proclaim the name of the LORD before thee; and will be gracious to whom I will be gracious, and will show mercy on whom I will show mercy."
Aspect22, Exodus 34:8 "And Moses made haste, and bowed his head toward the earth, and worshipped."
Aspect22, Exodus 34:11 "Observe thou that which I command thee this day: behold, I drive out before thee the Amorite, and the Canaanite, and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, and the Hivite, and the Jebusite."
Aspect22, Exodus 36:9 "The length of one curtain was twenty and eight cubits, and the breadth of one curtain four cubits: the curtains were all of one size."
Aspect22, Exodus 38:3 "And he made all the vessels of the altar, the pots, and the shovels, and the basins, and the fleshhooks, and the firepans: all the vessels thereof made he of brass."
Aspect22, Exodus 38:13 "And for the east side eastward fifty cubits."
Aspect22, Leviticus 1:12 "And he shall cut it into his pieces, with his head and his fat: and the priest shall lay them in order on the wood that is on the fire which is upon the altar:"
Aspect22, Leviticus 4:8 "And he shall take off from it all the fat of the bullock for the sin offering; the fat that covereth the inwards, and all the fat that is upon the inwards,"
Aspect22, Leviticus 4:26 "And he shall burn all his fat upon the altar, as the fat of the sacrifice of peace offerings: and the priest shall make an atonement for him as concerning his sin, and it shall be forgiven him."
Aspect22, Leviticus 6:11 "And he shall put off his garments, and put on other garments, and carry forth the ashes without the camp unto a clean place."
Aspect22, Leviticus 7:15 "And the flesh of the sacrifice of his peace offerings for thanksgiving shall be eaten the same day that it is offered; he shall not leave any of it until the morning."
Aspect22, Leviticus 7:16 "But if the sacrifice of his offering be a vow, or a voluntary offering, it shall be eaten the same day that he offereth his sacrifice: and on the morrow also the remainder of it shall be eaten:"
Aspect22, Leviticus 8:16 "And he took all the fat that was upon the inwards, and the caul above the liver, and the two kidneys, and their fat, and Moses burned it upon the altar."
Aspect22, Leviticus 8:25 "And he took the fat, and the rump, and all the fat that was upon the inwards, and the caul above the liver, and the two kidneys, and their fat, and the right shoulder:"
Aspect22, Leviticus 9:20 "And they put the fat upon the breasts, and he burnt the fat upon the altar:"
Aspect22, Leviticus 11:41 "And every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth shall be an abomination; it shall not be eaten."
Aspect22, Leviticus 13:5 "And the priest shall look on him the seventh day: and, behold, if the plague in his sight be at a stay, and the plague spread not in the skin; then the priest shall shut him up seven days more:"
Aspect22, Leviticus 13:6 "And the priest shall look on him again the seventh day: and, behold, if the plague be somewhat dark, and the plague spread not in the skin, the priest shall pronounce him clean: it is but a scab: and he shall wash his clothes, and be clean."
Aspect22, Leviticus 13:17 "And the priest shall see him: and, behold, if the plague be turned into white; then the priest shall pronounce him clean that hath the plague: he is clean."
Aspect22, Leviticus 13:23 "But if the bright spot stay in his place, and spread not, it is a burning boil; and the priest shall pronounce him clean."
Aspect22, Leviticus 13:28 "And if the bright spot stay in his place, and spread not in the skin, but it be somewhat dark; it is a rising of the burning, and the priest shall pronounce him clean: for it is an inflammation of the burning."
Aspect22, Leviticus 13:34 "And in the seventh day the priest shall look on the scall: and, behold, if the scall be not spread in the skin, nor be in sight deeper than the skin; then the priest shall pronounce him clean: and he shall wash his clothes, and be clean."
Aspect22, Leviticus 14:4 "Then shall the priest command to take for him that is to be cleansed two birds alive and clean, and cedar wood, and scarlet, and hyssop:"
Aspect22, Leviticus 19:6 "It shall be eaten the same day ye offer it, and on the morrow: and if ought remain until the third day, it shall be burnt in the fire."
Aspect22, Leviticus 19:7 "And if it be eaten at all on the third day, it is abominable; it shall not be accepted."
Aspect22, Leviticus 22:30 "On the same day it shall be eaten up; ye shall leave none of it until the morrow: I am the LORD."
Aspect22, Leviticus 24:2 "Command the children of Israel, that they bring unto thee pure oil olive beaten for the light, to cause the lamps to burn continually."
Aspect22, Leviticus 24:14 "Bring forth him that hath cursed without the camp; and let all that heard him lay their hands upon his head, and let all the congregation stone him."
Aspect22, Leviticus 25:6 "And the sabbath of the land shall be meat for you; for thee, and for thy servant, and for thy maid, and for thy hired servant, and for thy stranger that sojourneth with thee."
Aspect22, Leviticus 25:9 "Then shalt thou cause the trumpet of the jubilee to sound on the tenth day of the seventh month, in the day of atonement shall ye make the trumpet sound throughout all your land."
Aspect22, Leviticus 25:35 "And if thy brother be waxen poor, and fallen in decay with thee; then thou shalt relieve him: yea, though he be a stranger, or a sojourner; that he may live with thee."
Aspect22, Leviticus 25:39 "And if thy brother that dwelleth by thee be waxen poor, and be sold unto thee; thou shalt not compel him to serve as a bondservant:"
Aspect22, Leviticus 25:40 "But as an hired servant, and as a sojourner, he shall be with thee, and shall serve thee unto the year of jubilee."
Aspect22, Leviticus 25:47 "And if a sojourner or stranger wax rich by thee, and thy brother that dwelleth by him wax poor, and sell himself unto the stranger or sojourner by thee, or to the stock of the stranger's family:"
Aspect22, Leviticus 25:55 "For unto me the children of Israel are servants; they are my servants whom I brought forth out of the land of Egypt: I am the LORD your God."
Aspect22, Leviticus 26:19 "And I will break the pride of your power; and I will make your heaven as iron, and your earth as brass:"
Aspect22, Leviticus 26:36 "And upon them that are left alive of you I will send a faintness into their hearts in the lands of their enemies; and the sound of a shaken leaf shall chase them; and they shall flee, as fleeing from a sword; and they shall fall when none pursueth."
Aspect22, Leviticus 27:4 "And if it be a female, then thy estimation shall be thirty shekels."
Aspect22, Numbers 2:17 "Then the tabernacle of the congregation shall set forward with the camp of the Levites in the midst of the camp: as they encamp, so shall they set forward, every man in his place by their standards."
Aspect22, Numbers 3:13 "Because all the firstborn are mine; for on the day that I smote all the firstborn in the land of Egypt I hallowed unto me all the firstborn in Israel, both man and beast: mine shall they be: I am the LORD."
Aspect22, Numbers 5:10 "And every man's hallowed things shall be his: whatsoever any man giveth the priest, it shall be his."
Aspect22, Numbers 5:28 "And if the woman be not defiled, but be clean; then she shall be free, and shall conceive seed."
Aspect22, Numbers 6:24 "The LORD bless thee, and keep thee:"
Aspect22, Numbers 6:25 "The LORD make his face shine upon thee, and be gracious unto thee:"
Aspect22, Numbers 6:26 "The LORD lift up his countenance upon thee, and give thee peace."
Aspect22, Numbers 7:42 "On the sixth day Eliasaph the son of Deuel, prince of the children of Gad, offered:"
Aspect22, Numbers 7:84 "This was the dedication of the altar, in the day when it was anointed, by the princes of Israel: twelve chargers of silver, twelve silver bowls, twelve spoons of gold:"
Aspect22, Numbers 8:17 "For all the firstborn of the children of Israel are mine, both man and beast: on the day that I smote every firstborn in the land of Egypt I sanctified them for myself."
Aspect22, Numbers 9:12 "They shall leave none of it unto the morning, nor break any bone of it: according to all the ordinances of the passover they shall keep it."
Aspect22, Numbers 10:3 "And when they shall blow with them, all the assembly shall assemble themselves to thee at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation."
Aspect22, Numbers 10:4 "And if they blow but with one trumpet, then the princes, which are heads of the thousands of Israel, shall gather themselves unto thee."
Aspect22, Numbers 10:35 "And it came to pass, when the ark set forward, that Moses said, Rise up, LORD, and let thine enemies be scattered; and let them that hate thee flee before thee."
Aspect22, Numbers 11:15 "And if thou deal thus with me, kill me, I pray thee, out of hand, if I have found favor in thy sight; and let me not see my wretchedness."
Aspect22, Numbers 11:17 "And I will come down and talk with thee there: and I will take of the spirit which is upon thee, and will put it upon them; and they shall bear the burden of the people with thee, that thou bear it not thyself alone."
Aspect22, Numbers 11:31 "And there went forth a wind from the LORD, and brought quails from the sea, and let them fall by the camp, as it were a day's journey on this side, and as it were a day's journey on the other side, round about the camp, and as it were two cubits high upon the face of the earth."
Aspect22, Numbers 12:11 "And Aaron said unto Moses, Alas, my lord, I beseech thee, lay not the sin upon us, wherein we have done foolishly, and wherein we have sinned."
Aspect22, Numbers 13:2 "Send thou men, that they may search the land of Canaan, which I give unto the children of Israel: of every tribe of their fathers shall ye send a man, every one a ruler among them."
Aspect22, Numbers 14:12 "I will smite them with the pestilence, and disinherit them, and will make of thee a greater nation and mightier than they."
Aspect22, Numbers 18:2 "And thy brethren also of the tribe of Levi, the tribe of thy father, bring thou with thee, that they may be joined unto thee, and minister unto thee: but thou and thy sons with thee shall minister before the tabernacle of witness."
Aspect22, Numbers 18:8 "And the LORD spake unto Aaron, Behold, I also have given thee the charge of mine heave offerings of all the hallowed things of the children of Israel; unto thee have I given them by reason of the anointing, and to thy sons, by an ordinance for ever."
Aspect22, Numbers 18:11 "And this is thine; the heave offering of their gift, with all the wave offerings of the children of Israel: I have given them unto thee, and to thy sons and to thy daughters with thee, by a statute for ever: every one that is clean in thy house shall eat of it."
Aspect22, Numbers 18:19 "All the heave offerings of the holy things, which the children of Israel offer unto the LORD, have I given thee, and thy sons and thy daughters with thee, by a statute for ever: it is a covenant of salt for ever before the LORD unto thee and to thy seed with thee."
Aspect22, Numbers 19:9 "And a man that is clean shall gather up the ashes of the heifer, and lay them up without the camp in a clean place, and it shall be kept for the congregation of the children of Israel for a water of separation: it is a purification for sin."
Aspect22, Numbers 19:12 "He shall purify himself with it on the third day, and on the seventh day he shall be clean: but if he purify not himself the third day, then the seventh day he shall not be clean."
Aspect22, Numbers 22:17 "For I will promote thee unto very great honor, and I will do whatsoever thou sayest unto me: come therefore, I pray thee, curse me this people."
Aspect22, Numbers 22:29 "And Balaam said unto the ass, Because thou hast mocked me: I would there were a sword in mine hand, for now would I kill thee."
Aspect22, Numbers 22:37 "And Balak said unto Balaam, Did I not earnestly send unto thee to call thee? wherefore camest thou not unto me? am I not able indeed to promote thee to honor?"
Aspect22, Numbers 23:27 "And Balak said unto Balaam, Come, I pray thee, I will bring thee unto another place; peradventure it will please God that thou mayest curse me them from thence."
Aspect22, Numbers 24:5 "How goodly are thy tents, O Jacob, and thy tabernacles, O Israel!"
Aspect22, Numbers 24:9 "He couched, he lay down as a lion, and as a great lion: who shall stir him up? Blessed is he that blesseth thee, and cursed is he that curseth thee."
Aspect22, Numbers 24:10 "And Balak's anger was kindled against Balaam, and he smote his hands together: and Balak said unto Balaam, I called thee to curse mine enemies, and, behold, thou hast altogether blessed them these three times."
Aspect22, Numbers 24:11 "Therefore now flee thou to thy place: I thought to promote thee unto great honor; but, lo, the LORD hath kept thee back from honor."
Aspect22, Numbers 24:22 "Nevertheless the Kenite shall be wasted, until Asshur shall carry thee away captive."
Aspect22, Numbers 29:29 "And on the sixth day eight bullocks, two rams, and fourteen lambs of the first year without blemish:"
Aspect22, Numbers 34:3 "Then your south quarter shall be from the wilderness of Zin along by the coast of Edom, and your south border shall be the outmost coast of the salt sea eastward:"
Aspect22, Numbers 34:12 "And the border shall go down to Jordan, and the goings out of it shall be at the salt sea: this shall be your land with the coasts thereof round about."
Aspect22, Numbers 35:4 "And the suburbs of the cities, which ye shall give unto the Levites, shall reach from the wall of the city and outward a thousand cubits round about."
Aspect22, Numbers 35:5 "And ye shall measure from without the city on the east side two thousand cubits, and on the south side two thousand cubits, and on the west side two thousand cubits, and on the north side two thousand cubits; and the city shall be in the midst: this shall be to them the suburbs of the cities."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 1:33 "Who went in the way before you, to search you out a place to pitch your tents in, in fire by night, to show you by what way ye should go, and in a cloud by day."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 2:25 "This day will I begin to put the dread of thee and the fear of thee upon the nations that are under the whole heaven, who shall hear report of thee, and shall tremble, and be in anguish because of thee."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 3:11 "For only Og king of Bashan remained of the remnant of giants; behold his bedstead was a bedstead of iron; is it not in Rabbath of the children of Ammon? nine cubits was the length thereof, and four cubits the breadth of it, after the cubit of a man."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 3:25 "I pray thee, let me go over, and see the good land that is beyond Jordan, that goodly mountain, and Lebanon."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 4:31 "(For the LORD thy God is a merciful God;) he will not forsake thee, neither destroy thee, nor forget the covenant of thy fathers which he sware unto them."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 4:32 "For ask now of the days that are past, which were before thee, since the day that God created man upon the earth, and ask from the one side of heaven unto the other, whether there hath been any such thing as this great thing is, or hath been heard like it?"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 4:36 "Out of heaven he made thee to hear his voice, that he might instruct thee: and upon earth he showed thee his great fire; and thou heardest his words out of the midst of the fire."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 4:37 "And because he loved thy fathers, therefore he chose their seed after them, and brought thee out in his sight with his mighty power out of Egypt;"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 4:38 "To drive out nations from before thee greater and mightier than thou art, to bring thee in, to give thee their land for an inheritance, as it is this day."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 4:39 "Know therefore this day, and consider it in thine heart, that the LORD he is God in heaven above, and upon the earth beneath: there is none else."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 4:40 "Thou shalt keep therefore his statutes, and his commandments, which I command thee this day, that it may go well with thee, and with thy children after thee, and that thou mayest prolong thy days upon the earth, which the LORD thy God giveth thee, for ever."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 5:8 "Thou shalt not make thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the waters beneath the earth:"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 5:16 "Honor thy father and thy mother, as the LORD thy God hath commanded thee; that thy days may be prolonged, and that it may go well with thee, in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 5:29 "O that there were such an heart in them, that they would fear me, and keep all my commandments always, that it might be well with them, and with their children for ever!"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 6:3 "Hear therefore, O Israel, and observe to do it; that it may be well with thee, and that ye may increase mightily, as the LORD God of thy fathers hath promised thee, in the land that floweth with milk and honey."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 6:6 "And these words, which I command thee this day, shall be in thine heart:"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 6:10 "And it shall be, when the LORD thy God shall have brought thee into the land which he sware unto thy fathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, to give thee great and goodly cities, which thou buildedst not,"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 7:11 "Thou shalt therefore keep the commandments, and the statutes, and the judgments, which I command thee this day, to do them."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 7:13 "And he will love thee, and bless thee, and multiply thee: he will also bless the fruit of thy womb, and the fruit of thy land, thy corn, and thy wine, and thine oil, the increase of thy kine, and the flocks of thy sheep, in the land which he sware unto thy fathers to give thee."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 7:15 "And the LORD will take away from thee all sickness, and will put none of the evil diseases of Egypt, which thou knowest, upon thee; but will lay them upon all them that hate thee."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 7:20 "Moreover the LORD thy God will send the hornet among them, until they that are left, and hide themselves from thee, be destroyed."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 7:23 "But the LORD thy God shall deliver them unto thee, and shall destroy them with a mighty destruction, until they be destroyed."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 8:2 "And thou shalt remember all the way which the LORD thy God led thee these forty years in the wilderness, to humble thee, and to prove thee, to know what was in thine heart, whether thou wouldest keep his commandments, or no."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 8:3 "And he humbled thee, and suffered thee to hunger, and fed thee with manna, which thou knewest not, neither did thy fathers know; that he might make thee know that man doth not live by bread only, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of the LORD doth man live."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 8:4 "Thy raiment waxed not old upon thee, neither did thy foot swell, these forty years."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 8:14 "Then thine heart be lifted up, and thou forget the LORD thy God, which brought thee forth out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage;"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 8:15 "Who led thee through that great and terrible wilderness, wherein were fiery serpents, and scorpions, and drought, where there was no water; who brought thee forth water out of the rock of flint;"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 8:16 "Who fed thee in the wilderness with manna, which thy fathers knew not, that he might humble thee, and that he might prove thee, to do thee good at thy latter end;"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 9:6 "Understand therefore, that the LORD thy God giveth thee not this good land to possess it for thy righteousness; for thou art a stiffnecked people."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 9:12 "And the LORD said unto me, Arise, get thee down quickly from hence; for thy people which thou hast brought forth out of Egypt have corrupted themselves; they are quickly turned aside out of the way which I commanded them; they have made them a molten image."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 9:14 "Let me alone, that I may destroy them, and blot out their name from under heaven: and I will make of thee a nation mightier and greater than they."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 10:13 "To keep the commandments of the LORD, and his statutes, which I command thee this day for thy good?"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 10:21 "He is thy praise, and he is thy God, that hath done for thee these great and terrible things, which thine eyes have seen."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 11:6 "And what he did unto Dathan and Abiram, the sons of Eliab, the son of Reuben: how the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed them up, and their households, and their tents, and all the substance that was in their possession, in the midst of all Israel:"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 12:8 "Ye shall not do after all the things that we do here this day, every man whatsoever is right in his own eyes."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 12:28 "Observe and hear all these words which I command thee, that it may go well with thee, and with thy children after thee for ever, when thou doest that which is good and right in the sight of the LORD thy God."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 13:2 "And the sign or the wonder come to pass, whereof he spake unto thee, saying, Let us go after other gods, which thou hast not known, and let us serve them;"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 13:5 "And that prophet, or that dreamer of dreams, shall be put to death; because he hath spoken to turn you away from the LORD your God, which brought you out of the land of Egypt, and redeemed you out of the house of bondage, to thrust thee out of the way which the LORD thy God commanded thee to walk in. So shalt thou put the evil away from the midst of thee."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 13:7 "Namely, of the gods of the people which are round about you, nigh unto thee, or far off from thee, from the one end of the earth even unto the other end of the earth;"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 13:17 "And there shall cleave nought of the cursed thing to thine hand: that the LORD may turn from the fierceness of his anger, and show thee mercy, and have compassion upon thee, and multiply thee, as he hath sworn unto thy fathers;"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 14:19 "And every creeping thing that flieth is unclean unto you: they shall not be eaten."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 14:24 "And if the way be too long for thee, so that thou art not able to carry it; or if the place be too far from thee, which the LORD thy God shall choose to set his name there, when the LORD thy God hath blessed thee:"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 15:7 "If there be among you a poor man of one of thy brethren within any of thy gates in thy land which the LORD thy God giveth thee, thou shalt not harden thine heart, nor shut thine hand from thy poor brother:"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 15:9 "Beware that there be not a thought in thy wicked heart, saying, The seventh year, the year of release, is at hand; and thine eye be evil against thy poor brother, and thou givest him nought; and he cry unto the LORD against thee, and it be sin unto thee."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 15:12 "And if thy brother, an Hebrew man, or an Hebrew woman, be sold unto thee, and serve thee six years; then in the seventh year thou shalt let him go free from thee."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 15:16 "And it shall be, if he say unto thee, I will not go away from thee; because he loveth thee and thine house, because he is well with thee;"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 15:18 "It shall not seem hard unto thee, when thou sendest him away free from thee; for he hath been worth a double hired servant to thee, in serving thee six years: and the LORD thy God shall bless thee in all that thou doest."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 16:18 "Judges and officers shalt thou make thee in all thy gates, which the LORD thy God giveth thee, throughout thy tribes: and they shall judge the people with just judgment."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 17:4 "And it be told thee, and thou hast heard of it, and inquired diligently, and, behold, it be true, and the thing certain, that such abomination is wrought in Israel:"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 17:11 "According to the sentence of the law which they shall teach thee, and according to the judgment which they shall tell thee, thou shalt do: thou shalt not decline from the sentence which they shall show thee, to the right hand, nor to the left."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 17:15 "Thou shalt in any wise set him king over thee, whom the LORD thy God shall choose: one from among thy brethren shalt thou set king over thee: thou mayest not set a stranger over thee, which is not thy brother."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 19:2 "Thou shalt separate three cities for thee in the midst of thy land, which the LORD thy God giveth thee to possess it."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 19:3 "Thou shalt prepare thee a way, and divide the coasts of thy land, which the LORD thy God giveth thee to inherit, into three parts, that every slayer may flee thither."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 19:7 "Wherefore I command thee, saying, Thou shalt separate three cities for thee."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 19:10 "That innocent blood be not shed in thy land, which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance, and so blood be upon thee."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 19:13 "Thine eye shall not pity him, but thou shalt put away the guilt of innocent blood from Israel, that it may go well with thee."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 20:1 "When thou goest out to battle against thine enemies, and seest horses, and chariots, and a people more than thou, be not afraid of them: for the LORD thy God is with thee, which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 20:11 "And it shall be, if it make thee answer of peace, and open unto thee, then it shall be, that all the people that is found therein shall be tributaries unto thee, and they shall serve thee."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 20:12 "And if it will make no peace with thee, but will make war against thee, then thou shalt besiege it:"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 21:1 "If one be found slain in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee to possess it, lying in the field, and it be not known who hath slain him:"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 21:17 "But he shall acknowledge the son of the hated for the firstborn, by giving him a double portion of all that he hath: for he is the beginning of his strength; the right of the firstborn is his."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 23:4 "Because they met you not with bread and with water in the way, when ye came forth out of Egypt; and because they hired against thee Balaam the son of Beor of Pethor of Mesopotamia, to curse thee."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 23:9 "When the host goeth forth against thine enemies, then keep thee from every wicked thing."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 23:14 "For the LORD thy God walketh in the midst of thy camp, to deliver thee, and to give up thine enemies before thee; therefore shall thy camp be holy: that he see no unclean thing in thee, and turn away from thee."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 24:13 "In any case thou shalt deliver him the pledge again when the sun goeth down, that he may sleep in his own raiment, and bless thee: and it shall be righteousness unto thee before the LORD thy God."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 24:15 "At his day thou shalt give him his hire, neither shall the sun go down upon it; for he is poor, and setteth his heart upon it: lest he cry against thee unto the LORD, and it be sin unto thee."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 25:6 "And it shall be, that the firstborn which she beareth shall succeed in the name of his brother which is dead, that his name be not put out of Israel."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 25:17 "Remember what Amalek did unto thee by the way, when ye were come forth out of Egypt;"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 25:18 "How he met thee by the way, and smote the hindmost of thee, even all that were feeble behind thee, when thou wast faint and weary; and he feared not God."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 26:16 "This day the LORD thy God hath commanded thee to do these statutes and judgments: thou shalt therefore keep and do them with all thine heart, and with all thy soul."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 27:2 "And it shall be on the day when ye shall pass over Jordan unto the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee, that thou shalt set thee up great stones, and plaster them with plaster:"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 28:1 "And it shall come to pass, if thou shalt hearken diligently unto the voice of the LORD thy God, to observe and to do all his commandments which I command thee this day, that the LORD thy God will set thee on high above all nations of the earth:"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 28:2 "And all these blessings shall come on thee, and overtake thee, if thou shalt hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 28:7 "The LORD shall cause thine enemies that rise up against thee to be smitten before thy face: they shall come out against thee one way, and flee before thee seven ways."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 28:8 "The LORD shall command the blessing upon thee in thy storehouses, and in all that thou settest thine hand unto; and he shall bless thee in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 28:10 "And all people of the earth shall see that thou art called by the name of the LORD; and they shall be afraid of thee."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 28:14 "And thou shalt not go aside from any of the words which I command thee this day, to the right hand, or to the left, to go after other gods to serve them."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 28:15 "But it shall come to pass, if thou wilt not hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God, to observe to do all his commandments and his statutes which I command thee this day; that all these curses shall come upon thee, and overtake thee:"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 28:21 "The LORD shall make the pestilence cleave unto thee, until he have consumed thee from off the land, whither thou goest to possess it."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 28:23 "And thy heaven that is over thy head shall be brass, and the earth that is under thee shall be iron."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 28:35 "The LORD shall smite thee in the knees, and in the legs, with a sore botch that cannot be healed, from the sole of thy foot unto the top of thy head."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 28:43 "The stranger that is within thee shall get up above thee very high; and thou shalt come down very low."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 28:45 "Moreover all these curses shall come upon thee, and shall pursue thee, and overtake thee, till thou be destroyed; because thou hearkenedst not unto the voice of the LORD thy God, to keep his commandments and his statutes which he commanded thee:"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 28:46 "And they shall be upon thee for a sign and for a wonder, and upon thy seed for ever."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 28:48 "Therefore shalt thou serve thine enemies which the LORD shall send against thee, in hunger, and in thirst, and in nakedness, and in want of all things: and he shall put a yoke of iron upon thy neck, until he have destroyed thee."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 28:52 "And he shall besiege thee in all thy gates, until thy high and fenced walls come down, wherein thou trustedst, throughout all thy land: and he shall besiege thee in all thy gates throughout all thy land, which the LORD thy God hath given thee."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 28:53 "And thou shalt eat the fruit of thine own body, the flesh of thy sons and of thy daughters, which the LORD thy God hath given thee, in the siege, and in the straitness, wherewith thine enemies shall distress thee:"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 28:55 "So that he will not give to any of them of the flesh of his children whom he shall eat: because he hath nothing left him in the siege, and in the straitness, wherewith thine enemies shall distress thee in all thy gates."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 28:60 "Moreover he will bring upon thee all the diseases of Egypt, which thou wast afraid of; and they shall cleave unto thee."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 28:66 "And thy life shall hang in doubt before thee; and thou shalt fear day and night, and shalt have none assurance of thy life:"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 28:68 "And the LORD shall bring thee into Egypt again with ships, by the way whereof I spake unto thee, Thou shalt see it no more again: and there ye shall be sold unto your enemies for bondmen and bondwomen, and no man shall buy you."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 30:1 "And it shall come to pass, when all these things are come upon thee, the blessing and the curse, which I have set before thee, and thou shalt call them to mind among all the nations, whither the LORD thy God hath driven thee,"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 30:2 "And shalt return unto the LORD thy God, and shalt obey his voice according to all that I command thee this day, thou and thy children, with all thine heart, and with all thy soul;"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 30:3 "That then the LORD thy God will turn thy captivity, and have compassion upon thee, and will return and gather thee from all the nations, whither the LORD thy God hath scattered thee."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 30:5 "And the LORD thy God will bring thee into the land which thy fathers possessed, and thou shalt possess it; and he will do thee good, and multiply thee above thy fathers."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 30:7 "And the LORD thy God will put all these curses upon thine enemies, and on them that hate thee, which persecuted thee."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 30:8 "And thou shalt return and obey the voice of the LORD, and do all his commandments which I command thee this day."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 30:9 "And the LORD thy God will make thee plenteous in every work of thine hand, in the fruit of thy body, and in the fruit of thy cattle, and in the fruit of thy land, for good: for the LORD will again rejoice over thee for good, as he rejoiced over thy fathers:"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 30:11 "For this commandment which I command thee this day, it is not hidden from thee, neither is it far off."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 30:14 "But the word is very nigh unto thee, in thy mouth, and in thy heart, that thou mayest do it."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 30:15 "See, I have set before thee this day life and good, and death and evil;"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 30:16 "In that I command thee this day to love the LORD thy God, to walk in his ways, and to keep his commandments and his statutes and his judgments, that thou mayest live and multiply: and the LORD thy God shall bless thee in the land whither thou goest to possess it."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 31:3 "The LORD thy God, he will go over before thee, and he will destroy these nations from before thee, and thou shalt possess them: and Joshua, he shall go over before thee, as the LORD hath said."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 31:6 "Be strong and of a good courage, fear not, nor be afraid of them: for the LORD thy God, he it is that doth go with thee; he will not fail thee, nor forsake thee."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 31:8 "And the LORD, he it is that doth go before thee; he will be with thee, he will not fail thee, neither forsake thee: fear not, neither be dismayed."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 31:26 "Take this book of the law, and put it in the side of the ark of the covenant of the LORD your God, that it may be there for a witness against thee."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 32:6 "Do ye thus requite the LORD, O foolish people and unwise? is not he thy father that hath bought thee? hath he not made thee, and established thee?"
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 32:7 "Remember the days of old, consider the years of many generations: ask thy father, and he will show thee; thy elders, and they will tell thee."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 32:18 "Of the Rock that begat thee thou art unmindful, and hast forgotten God that formed thee."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 33:10 "They shall teach Jacob thy judgments, and Israel thy law: they shall put incense before thee, and whole burnt sacrifice upon thine altar."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 33:25 "Thy shoes shall be iron and brass; and as thy days, so shall thy strength be."
Aspect22, Deuteronomy 33:27 "The eternal God is thy refuge, and underneath are the everlasting arms: and he shall thrust out the enemy from before thee; and shall say, Destroy them."
Aspect22, Joshua 1:5 "There shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life: as I was with Moses, so I will be with thee: I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee."
Aspect22, Joshua 1:17 "According as we hearkened unto Moses in all things, so will we hearken unto thee: only the LORD thy God be with thee, as he was with Moses."
Aspect22, Joshua 2:7 "And the men pursued after them the way to Jordan unto the fords: and as soon as they which pursued after them were gone out, they shut the gate."
Aspect22, Joshua 2:14 "And the men answered her, Our life for yours, if ye utter not this our business. And it shall be, when the LORD hath given us the land, that we will deal kindly and truly with thee."
Aspect22, Joshua 3:7 "And the LORD said unto Joshua, This day will I begin to magnify thee in the sight of all Israel, that they may know that, as I was with Moses, so I will be with thee."
Aspect22, Joshua 7:25 "And Joshua said, Why hast thou troubled us? the LORD shall trouble thee this day. And all Israel stoned him with stones, and burned them with fire, after they had stoned them with stones."
Aspect22, Joshua 8:1 "And the LORD said unto Joshua, Fear not, neither be thou dismayed: take all the people of war with thee, and arise, go up to Ai: see, I have given into thy hand the king of Ai, and his people, and his city, and his land:"
Aspect22, Joshua 8:19 "And the ambush arose quickly out of their place, and they ran as soon as he had stretched out his hand: and they entered into the city, and took it, and hasted and set the city on fire."
Aspect22, Joshua 8:22 "And the other issued out of the city against them; so they were in the midst of Israel, some on this side, and some on that side: and they smote them, so that they let none of them remain or escape."
Aspect22, Joshua 8:29 "And the king of Ai he hanged on a tree until eventide: and as soon as the sun was down, Joshua commanded that they should take his carcass down from the tree, and cast it at the entering of the gate of the city, and raise thereon a great heap of stones, that remaineth unto this day."
Aspect22, Joshua 12:10 "The king of Jerusalem, one; the king of Hebron, one;"
Aspect22, Joshua 14:11 "As yet I am as strong this day as I was in the day that Moses sent me: as my strength was then, even so is my strength now, for war, both to go out, and to come in."
Aspect22, Judges 1:24 "And the spies saw a man come forth out of the city, and they said unto him, Show us, we pray thee, the entrance into the city, and we will show thee mercy."
Aspect22, Judges 4:23 "So God subdued on that day Jabin the king of Canaan before the children of Israel."
Aspect22, Judges 6:18 "Depart not hence, I pray thee, until I come unto thee, and bring forth my present, and set it before thee. And he said, I will tarry until thou come again."
Aspect22, Judges 6:32 "Therefore on that day he called him Jerubbaal, saying, Let Baal plead against him, because he hath thrown down his altar."
Aspect22, Judges 6:39 "And Gideon said unto God, Let not thine anger be hot against me, and I will speak but this once: let me prove, I pray thee, but this once with the fleece; let it now be dry only upon the fleece, and upon all the ground let there be dew."
Aspect22, Judges 7:4 "And the LORD said unto Gideon, The people are yet too many; bring them down unto the water, and I will try them for thee there: and it shall be, that of whom I say unto thee, This shall go with thee, the same shall go with thee; and of whomsoever I say unto thee, This shall not go with thee, the same shall not go."
Aspect22, Judges 7:23 "And the men of Israel gathered themselves together out of Naphtali, and out of Asher, and out of all Manasseh, and pursued after the Midianites."
Aspect22, Judges 8:11 "And Gideon went up by the way of them that dwelt in tents on the east of Nobah and Jogbehah, and smote the host; for the host was secure."
Aspect22, Judges 9:29 "And would to God this people were under my hand! then would I remove Abimelech. And he said to Abimelech, Increase thine army, and come out."
Aspect22, Judges 9:31 "And he sent messengers unto Abimelech privily, saying, Behold, Gaal the son of Ebed and his brethren be come to Shechem; and, behold, they fortify the city against thee."
Aspect22, Judges 9:32 "Now therefore up by night, thou and the people that is with thee, and lie in wait in the field:"
Aspect22, Judges 11:24 "Wilt not thou possess that which Chemosh thy god giveth thee to possess? So whomsoever the LORD our God shall drive out from before us, them will we possess."
Aspect22, Judges 13:15 "And Manoah said unto the angel of the LORD, I pray thee, let us detain thee, until we shall have made ready a kid for thee."
Aspect22, Judges 15:2 "And her father said, I verily thought that thou hadst utterly hated her; therefore I gave her to thy companion: is not her younger sister fairer than she? take her, I pray thee, instead of her."
Aspect22, Judges 15:13 "And they spake unto him, saying, No; but we will bind thee fast, and deliver thee into their hand: but surely we will not kill thee. And they bound him with two new cords, and brought him up from the rock."
Aspect22, Judges 16:6 "And Delilah said to Samson, Tell me, I pray thee, wherein thy great strength lieth, and wherewith thou mightest be bound to afflict thee."
Aspect22, Judges 18:5 "And they said unto him, Ask counsel, we pray thee, of God, that we may know whether our way which we go shall be prosperous."
Aspect22, Judges 18:29 "And they called the name of the city Dan, after the name of Dan their father, who was born unto Israel: howbeit the name of the city was Laish at the first."
Aspect22, Judges 19:6 "And they sat down, and did eat and drink both of them together: for the damsel's father had said unto the man, Be content, I pray thee, and tarry all night, and let thine heart be merry."
Aspect22, Judges 19:8 "And he arose early in the morning on the fifth day to depart; and the damsel's father said, Comfort thine heart, I pray thee. And they tarried until afternoon, and they did eat both of them."
Aspect22, Judges 19:9 "And when the man rose up to depart, he, and his concubine, and his servant, his father in law, the damsel's father, said unto him, Behold, now the day draweth toward evening, I pray you tarry all night: behold, the day groweth to an end, lodge here, that thine heart may be merry; and to morrow get you early on your way, that thou mayest go home."
Aspect22, Judges 19:11 "And when they were by Jebus, the day was far spent; and the servant said unto his master, Come, I pray thee, and let us turn in into this city of the Jebusites, and lodge in it."
Aspect22, Judges 19:20 "And the old man said, Peace be with thee; howsoever let all thy wants lie upon me; only lodge not in the street."
Aspect22, Judges 20:33 "And all the men of Israel rose up out of their place, and put themselves in array at Baaltamar: and the liers in wait of Israel came forth out of their places, even out of the meadows of Gibeah."
Aspect22, Ruth 1:16 "And Ruth said, Entreat me not to leave thee, or to return from following after thee: for whither thou goest, I will go; and where thou lodgest, I will lodge: thy people shall be my people, and thy God my God:"
Aspect22, Ruth 3:1 "Then Naomi her mother in law said unto her, My daughter, shall I not seek rest for thee, that it may be well with thee?"
Aspect22, Ruth 3:3 "Wash thyself therefore, and anoint thee, and put thy raiment upon thee, and get thee down to the floor: but make not thyself known unto the man, until he shall have done eating and drinking."
Aspect22, Ruth 3:13 "Tarry this night, and it shall be in the morning, that if he will perform unto thee the part of a kinsman, well; let him do the kinsman's part: but if he will not do the part of a kinsman to thee, then will I do the part of a kinsman to thee, as the LORD liveth: lie down until the morning."
Aspect22, Ruth 3:18 "Then said she, Sit still, my daughter, until thou know how the matter will fall: for the man will not be in rest, until he have finished the thing this day."
Aspect22, Ruth 4:4 "And I thought to advertise thee, saying, Buy it before the inhabitants, and before the elders of my people. If thou wilt redeem it, redeem it: but if thou wilt not redeem it, then tell me, that I may know: for there is none to redeem it beside thee; and I am after thee. And he said, I will redeem it."
Aspect22, Ruth 4:8 "Therefore the kinsman said unto Boaz, Buy it for thee. So he drew off his shoe."
Aspect22, Ruth 4:14 "And the women said unto Naomi, Blessed be the LORD, which hath not left thee this day without a kinsman, that his name may be famous in Israel."
Aspect22, Ruth 4:15 "And he shall be unto thee a restorer of thy life, and a nourisher of thine old age: for thy daughter in law, which loveth thee, which is better to thee than seven sons, hath born him."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 1:17 "Then Eli answered and said, Go in peace: and the God of Israel grant thee thy petition that thou hast asked of him."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 2:34 "And this shall be a sign unto thee, that shall come upon thy two sons, on Hophni and Phinehas; in one day they shall die both of them."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 3:17 "And he said, What is the thing that the LORD hath said unto thee? I pray thee hide it not from me: God do so to thee, and more also, if thou hide any thing from me of all the things that he said unto thee."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 4:21 "And she named the child Ichabod, saying, The glory is departed from Israel: because the ark of God was taken, and because of her father in law and her husband."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 4:22 "And she said, The glory is departed from Israel: for the ark of God is taken."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 5:8 "They sent therefore and gathered all the lords of the Philistines unto them, and said, What shall we do with the ark of the God of Israel? And they answered, Let the ark of the God of Israel be carried about unto Gath. And they carried the ark of the God of Israel about thither."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 5:11 "So they sent and gathered together all the lords of the Philistines, and said, Send away the ark of the God of Israel, and let it go again to his own place, that it slay us not, and our people: for there was a deadly destruction throughout all the city; the hand of God was very heavy there."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 8:2 "Now the name of his firstborn was Joel; and the name of his second, Abiah: they were judges in Beersheba."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 8:15 "And he will take the tenth of your seed, and of your vineyards, and give to his officers, and to his servants."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 8:16 "And he will take your menservants, and your maidservants, and your goodliest young men, and your asses, and put them to his work."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 9:3 "And the asses of Kish Saul's father were lost. And Kish said to Saul his son, Take now one of the servants with thee, and arise, go seek the asses."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 9:19 "And Samuel answered Saul, and said, I am the seer: go up before me unto the high place; for ye shall eat with me to day, and to morrow I will let thee go, and will tell thee all that is in thine heart."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 9:20 "And as for thine asses that were lost three days ago, set not thy mind on them; for they are found. And on whom is all the desire of Israel? Is it not on thee, and on all thy father's house?"
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 9:23 "And Samuel said unto the cook, Bring the portion which I gave thee, of which I said unto thee, Set it by thee."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 9:24 "And the cook took up the shoulder, and that which was upon it, and set it before Saul. And Samuel said, Behold that which is left! set it before thee, and eat: for unto this time hath it been kept for thee since I said, I have invited the people. So Saul did eat with Samuel that day."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 10:4 "And they will salute thee, and give thee two loaves of bread; which thou shalt receive of their hands."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 10:7 "And let it be, when these signs are come unto thee, that thou do as occasion serve thee; for God is with thee."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 11:7 "And he took a yoke of oxen, and hewed them in pieces, and sent them throughout all the coasts of Israel by the hands of messengers, saying, Whosoever cometh not forth after Saul and after Samuel, so shall it be done unto his oxen. And the fear of the LORD fell on the people, and they came out with one consent."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 14:7 "And his armourbearer said unto him, Do all that is in thine heart: turn thee; behold, I am with thee according to thy heart."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 14:48 "And he gathered an host, and smote the Amalekites, and delivered Israel out of the hands of them that spoiled them."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 15:25 "Now therefore, I pray thee, pardon my sin, and turn again with me, that I may worship the LORD."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 15:26 "And Samuel said unto Saul, I will not return with thee: for thou hast rejected the word of the LORD, and the LORD hath rejected thee from being king over Israel."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 15:30 "Then he said, I have sinned: yet honor me now, I pray thee, before the elders of my people, and before Israel, and turn again with me, that I may worship the LORD thy God."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 16:15 "And Saul's servants said unto him, Behold now, an evil spirit from God troubleth thee."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 16:16 "Let our lord now command thy servants, which are before thee, to seek out a man, who is a cunning player on an harp: and it shall come to pass, when the evil spirit from God is upon thee, that he shall play with his hand, and thou shalt be well."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 17:46 "This day will the LORD deliver thee into mine hand; and I will smite thee, and take thine head from thee; and I will give the carcasses of the host of the Philistines this day unto the fowls of the air, and to the wild beasts of the earth; that all the earth may know that there is a God in Israel."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 18:9 "And Saul eyed David from that day and forward."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 18:22 "And Saul commanded his servants, saying, Commune with David secretly, and say, Behold, the king hath delight in thee, and all his servants love thee: now therefore be the king's son in law."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 19:2 "But Jonathan Saul's son delighted much in David: and Jonathan told David, saying, Saul my father seeketh to kill thee: now therefore, I pray thee, take heed to thyself until the morning, and abide in a secret place, and hide thyself:"
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 19:3 "And I will go out and stand beside my father in the field where thou art, and I will commune with my father of thee; and what I see, that I will tell thee."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 19:4 "And Jonathan spake good of David unto Saul his father, and said unto him, Let not the king sin against his servant, against David; because he hath not sinned against thee, and because his works have been to thee-ward very good:"
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 20:4 "Then said Jonathan unto David, Whatsoever thy soul desireth, I will even do it for thee."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 20:9 "And Jonathan said, Far be it from thee: for if I knew certainly that evil were determined by my father to come upon thee, then would not I tell it thee?"
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 20:10 "Then said David to Jonathan, Who shall tell me? or what if thy father answer thee roughly?"
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 20:12 "And Jonathan said unto David, O LORD God of Israel, when I have sounded my father about to morrow any time, or the third day, and, behold, if there be good toward David, and I then send not unto thee, and show it thee;"
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 20:13 "The LORD do so and much more to Jonathan: but if it please my father to do thee evil, then I will show it thee, and send thee away, that thou mayest go in peace: and the LORD be with thee, as he hath been with my father."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 20:21 "And, behold, I will send a lad, saying, Go, find out the arrows. If I expressly say unto the lad, Behold, the arrows are on this side of thee, take them; then come thou: for there is peace to thee, and no hurt; as the LORD liveth."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 20:22 "But if I say thus unto the young man, Behold, the arrows are beyond thee; go thy way: for the LORD hath sent thee away."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 20:26 "Nevertheless Saul spake not any thing that day: for he thought, Something hath befallen him, he is not clean; surely he is not clean."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 20:29 "And he said, Let me go, I pray thee; for our family hath a sacrifice in the city; and my brother, he hath commanded me to be there: and now, if I have found favor in thine eyes, let me get away, I pray thee, and see my brethren. Therefore he cometh not unto the king's table."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 21:2 "And David said unto Ahimelech the priest, The king hath commanded me a business, and hath said unto me, Let no man know any thing of the business whereabout I send thee, and what I have commanded thee: and I have appointed my servants to such and such a place."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 21:7 "Now a certain man of the servants of Saul was there that day, detained before the LORD; and his name was Doeg, an Edomite, the chiefest of the herdmen that belonged to Saul."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 21:12 "And David laid up these words in his heart, and was sore afraid of Achish the king of Gath."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 22:3 "And David went thence to Mizpeh of Moab: and he said unto the king of Moab, Let my father and my mother, I pray thee, come forth, and be with you, till I know what God will do for me."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 23:17 "And he said unto him, Fear not: for the hand of Saul my father shall not find thee; and thou shalt be king over Israel, and I shall be next unto thee; and that also Saul my father knoweth."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 24:4 "And the men of David said unto him, Behold the day of which the LORD said unto thee, Behold, I will deliver thine enemy into thine hand, that thou mayest do to him as it shall seem good unto thee. Then David arose, and cut off the skirt of Saul's robe privily."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 24:10 "Behold, this day thine eyes have seen how that the LORD had delivered thee to day into mine hand in the cave: and some bade me kill thee: but mine eye spared thee; and I said, I will not put forth mine hand against my lord; for he is the LORD's anointed."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 24:12 "The LORD judge between me and thee, and the LORD avenge me of thee: but mine hand shall not be upon thee."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 24:13 "As saith the proverb of the ancients, Wickedness proceedeth from the wicked: but mine hand shall not be upon thee."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 25:8 "Ask thy young men, and they will show thee. Wherefore let the young men find favor in thine eyes: for we come in a good day: give, I pray thee, whatsoever cometh to thine hand unto thy servants, and to thy son David."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 25:32 "And David said to Abigail, Blessed be the LORD God of Israel, which sent thee this day to meet me:"
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 25:40 "And when the servants of David were come to Abigail to Carmel, they spake unto her, saying, David sent us unto thee, to take thee to him to wife."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 26:8 "Then said Abishai to David, God hath delivered thine enemy into thine hand this day: now therefore let me smite him, I pray thee, with the spear even to the earth at once, and I will not smite him the second time."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 26:20 "Now therefore, let not my blood fall to the earth before the face of the LORD: for the king of Israel is come out to seek a flea, as when one doth hunt a partridge in the mountains."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 26:21 "Then said Saul, I have sinned: return, my son David: for I will no more do thee harm, because my soul was precious in thine eyes this day: behold, I have played the fool, and have erred exceedingly."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 27:5 "And David said unto Achish, If I have now found grace in thine eyes, let them give me a place in some town in the country, that I may dwell there: for why should thy servant dwell in the royal city with thee?"
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 28:2 "And David said to Achish, Surely thou shalt know what thy servant can do. And Achish said to David, Therefore will I make thee keeper of mine head for ever."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 28:8 "And Saul disguised himself, and put on other raiment, and he went, and two men with him, and they came to the woman by night: and he said, I pray thee, divine unto me by the familiar spirit, and bring me him up, whom I shall name unto thee."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 28:20 "Then Saul fell straightway all along on the earth, and was sore afraid, because of the words of Samuel: and there was no strength in him; for he had eaten no bread all the day, nor all the night."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 29:6 "Then Achish called David, and said unto him, Surely, as the LORD liveth, thou hast been upright, and thy going out and thy coming in with me in the host is good in my sight: for I have not found evil in thee since the day of thy coming unto me unto this day: nevertheless the lords favor thee not."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 30:15 "And David said to him, Canst thou bring me down to this company? And he said, Swear unto me by God, that thou wilt neither kill me, nor deliver me into the hands of my master, and I will bring thee down to this company."
Aspect22, 1 Samuel 30:25 "And it was so from that day forward, that he made it a statute and an ordinance for Israel unto this day."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 1:9 "He said unto me again, Stand, I pray thee, upon me, and slay me: for anguish is come upon me, because my life is yet whole in me."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 1:26 "I am distressed for thee, my brother Jonathan: very pleasant hast thou been unto me: thy love to me was wonderful, passing the love of women."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 2:13 "And Joab the son of Zeruiah, and the servants of David, went out, and met together by the pool of Gibeon: and they sat down, the one on the one side of the pool, and the other on the other side of the pool."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 2:17 "And there was a very sore battle that day; and Abner was beaten, and the men of Israel, before the servants of David."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 2:21 "And Abner said to him, Turn thee aside to thy right hand or to thy left, and lay thee hold on one of the young men, and take thee his armor. But Asahel would not turn aside from following of him."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 2:22 "And Abner said again to Asahel, Turn thee aside from following me: wherefore should I smite thee to the ground? how then should I hold up my face to Joab thy brother?"
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 3:8 "Then was Abner very wroth for the words of Ishbosheth, and said, Am I a dog's head, which against Judah do show kindness this day unto the house of Saul thy father, to his brethren, and to his friends, and have not delivered thee into the hand of David, that thou chargest me to day with a fault concerning this woman?"
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 3:21 "And Abner said unto David, I will arise and go, and will gather all Israel unto my lord the king, that they may make a league with thee, and that thou mayest reign over all that thine heart desireth. And David sent Abner away; and he went in peace."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 3:38 "And the king said unto his servants, Know ye not that there is a prince and a great man fallen this day in Israel?"
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 5:9 "So David dwelt in the fort, and called it the city of David. And David built round about from Millo and inward."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 6:20 "Then David returned to bless his household. And Michal the daughter of Saul came out to meet David, and said, How glorious was the king of Israel to day, who uncovered himself to day in the eyes of the handmaids of his servants, as one of the vain fellows shamelessly uncovereth himself!"
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 7:3 "And Nathan said to the king, Go, do all that is in thine heart; for the LORD is with thee."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 7:9 "And I was with thee whithersoever thou wentest, and have cut off all thine enemies out of thy sight, and have made thee a great name, like unto the name of the great men that are in the earth."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 7:11 "And as since the time that I commanded judges to be over my people Israel, and have caused thee to rest from all thine enemies. Also the LORD telleth thee that he will make thee an house."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 7:27 "For thou, O LORD of hosts, God of Israel, hast revealed to thy servant, saying, I will build thee an house: therefore hath thy servant found in his heart to pray this prayer unto thee."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 7:29 "Therefore now let it please thee to bless the house of thy servant, that it may continue for ever before thee: for thou, O Lord GOD, hast spoken it: and with thy blessing let the house of thy servant be blessed for ever."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 9:7 "And David said unto him, Fear not: for I will surely show thee kindness for Jonathan thy father's sake, and will restore thee all the land of Saul thy father; and thou shalt eat bread at my table continually."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 10:3 "And the princes of the children of Ammon said unto Hanun their lord, Thinkest thou that David doth honor thy father, that he hath sent comforters unto thee? hath not David rather sent his servants unto thee, to search the city, and to spy it out, and to overthrow it?"
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 10:11 "And he said, If the Syrians be too strong for me, then thou shalt help me: but if the children of Ammon be too strong for thee, then I will come and help thee."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 11:12 "And David said to Uriah, Tarry here to day also, and to morrow I will let thee depart. So Uriah abode in Jerusalem that day, and the morrow."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 12:7 "And Nathan said to David, Thou art the man. Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, I anointed thee king over Israel, and I delivered thee out of the hand of Saul;"
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 12:8 "And I gave thee thy master's house, and thy master's wives into thy bosom, and gave thee the house of Israel and of Judah; and if that had been too little, I would moreover have given unto thee such and such things."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 13:5 "And Jonadab said unto him, Lay thee down on thy bed, and make thyself sick: and when thy father cometh to see thee, say unto him, I pray thee, let my sister Tamar come, and give me meat, and dress the meat in my sight, that I may see it, and eat it at her hand."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 13:13 "And I, whither shall I cause my shame to go? and as for thee, thou shalt be as one of the fools in Israel. Now therefore, I pray thee, speak unto the king; for he will not withhold me from thee."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 14:8 "And the king said unto the woman, Go to thine house, and I will give charge concerning thee."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 14:10 "And the king said, Whoever saith ought unto thee, bring him to me, and he shall not touch thee any more."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 14:18 "Then the king answered and said unto the woman, Hide not from me, I pray thee, the thing that I shall ask thee. And the woman said, Let my lord the king now speak."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 14:32 "And Absalom answered Joab, Behold, I sent unto thee, saying, Come hither, that I may send thee to the king, to say, Wherefore am I come from Geshur? it had been good for me to have been there still: now therefore let me see the king's face; and if there be any iniquity in me, let him kill me."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 15:15 "And the king's servants said unto the king, Behold, thy servants are ready to do whatsoever my lord the king shall appoint."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 15:20 "Whereas thou camest but yesterday, should I this day make thee go up and down with us? seeing I go whither I may, return thou, and take back thy brethren: mercy and truth be with thee."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 15:25 "And the king said unto Zadok, Carry back the ark of God into the city: if I shall find favor in the eyes of the LORD, he will bring me again, and show me both it, and his habitation:"
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 16:6 "And he cast stones at David, and at all the servants of king David: and all the people and all the mighty men were on his right hand and on his left."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 16:9 "Then said Abishai the son of Zeruiah unto the king, Why should this dead dog curse my lord the king? let me go over, I pray thee, and take off his head."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 16:21 "And Ahithophel said unto Absalom, Go in unto thy father's concubines, which he hath left to keep the house; and all Israel shall hear that thou art abhorred of thy father: then shall the hands of all that are with thee be strong."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 17:3 "And I will bring back all the people unto thee: the man whom thou seekest is as if all returned: so all the people shall be in peace."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 18:7 "Where the people of Israel were slain before the servants of David, and there was there a great slaughter that day of twenty thousand men."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 18:12 "And the man said unto Joab, Though I should receive a thousand shekels of silver in mine hand, yet would I not put forth mine hand against the king's son: for in our hearing the king charged thee and Abishai and Ittai, saying, Beware that none touch the young man Absalom."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 18:14 "Then said Joab, I may not tarry thus with thee. And he took three darts in his hand, and thrust them through the heart of Absalom, while he was yet alive in the midst of the oak."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 18:18 "Now Absalom in his lifetime had taken and reared up for himself a pillar, which is in the king's dale: for he said, I have no son to keep my name in remembrance: and he called the pillar after his own name: and it is called unto this day, Absalom's place."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 18:32 "And the king said unto Cushy, Is the young man Absalom safe? And Cushy answered, The enemies of my lord the king, and all that rise against thee to do thee hurt, be as that young man is."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 19:7 "Now therefore arise, go forth, and speak comfortably unto thy servants: for I swear by the LORD, if thou go not forth, there will not tarry one with thee this night: and that will be worse unto thee than all the evil that befell thee from thy youth until now."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 19:33 "And the king said unto Barzillai, Come thou over with me, and I will feed thee with me in Jerusalem."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 19:37 "Let thy servant, I pray thee, turn back again, that I may die in mine own city, and be buried by the grave of my father and of my mother. But behold thy servant Chimham; let him go over with my lord the king; and do to him what shall seem good unto thee."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 19:38 "And the king answered, Chimham shall go over with me, and I will do to him that which shall seem good unto thee: and whatsoever thou shalt require of me, that will I do for thee."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 19:41 "And, behold, all the men of Israel came to the king, and said unto the king, Why have our brethren the men of Judah stolen thee away, and have brought the king, and his household, and all David's men with him, over Jordan?"
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 20:21 "The matter is not so: but a man of mount Ephraim, Sheba the son of Bichri by name, hath lifted up his hand against the king, even against David: deliver him only, and I will depart from the city. And the woman said unto Joab, Behold, his head shall be thrown to thee over the wall."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 22:30 "For by thee I have run through a troop: by my God have I leaped over a wall."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 23:9 "And after him was Eleazar the son of Dodo the Ahohite, one of the three mighty men with David, when they defied the Philistines that were there gathered together to battle, and the men of Israel were gone away:"
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 24:4 "Notwithstanding the king's word prevailed against Joab, and against the captains of the host. And Joab and the captains of the host went out from the presence of the king, to number the people of Israel."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 24:12 "Go and say unto David, Thus saith the LORD, I offer thee three things; choose thee one of them, that I may do it unto thee."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 24:20 "And Araunah looked, and saw the king and his servants coming on toward him: and Araunah went out, and bowed himself before the king on his face upon the ground."
Aspect22, 2 Samuel 24:23 "All these things did Araunah, as a king, give unto the king. And Araunah said unto the king, The LORD thy God accept thee."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 1:9 "And Adonijah slew sheep and oxen and fat cattle by the stone of Zoheleth, which is by Enrogel, and called all his brethren the king's sons, and all the men of Judah the king's servants:"
Aspect22, 1 Kings 1:12 "Now therefore come, let me, I pray thee, give thee counsel, that thou mayest save thine own life, and the life of thy son Solomon."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 1:30 "Even as I sware unto thee by the LORD God of Israel, saying, Assuredly Solomon thy son shall reign after me, and he shall sit upon my throne in my stead; even so will I certainly do this day."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 1:47 "And moreover the king's servants came to bless our lord king David, saying, God make the name of Solomon better than thy name, and make his throne greater than thy throne. And the king bowed himself upon the bed."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 2:4 "That the LORD may continue his word which he spake concerning me, saying, If thy children take heed to their way, to walk before me in truth with all their heart and with all their soul, there shall not fail thee (said he) a man on the throne of Israel."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 2:8 "And, behold, thou hast with thee Shimei the son of Gera, a Benjamite of Bahurim, which cursed me with a grievous curse in the day when I went to Mahanaim: but he came down to meet me at Jordan, and I sware to him by the LORD, saying, I will not put thee to death with the sword."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 2:16 "And now I ask one petition of thee, deny me not. And she said unto him, Say on."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 2:17 "And he said, Speak, I pray thee, unto Solomon the king, (for he will not say thee nay,) that he give me Abishag the Shunammite to wife."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 2:18 "And Bathsheba said, Well; I will speak for thee unto the king."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 2:20 "Then she said, I desire one small petition of thee; I pray thee, say me not nay. And the king said unto her, Ask on, my mother: for I will not say thee nay."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 2:26 "And unto Abiathar the priest said the king, Get thee to Anathoth, unto thine own fields; for thou art worthy of death: but I will not at this time put thee to death, because thou barest the ark of the LORD God before David my father, and because thou hast been afflicted in all wherein my father was afflicted."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 2:36 "And the king sent and called for Shimei, and said unto him, Build thee an house in Jerusalem, and dwell there, and go not forth thence any whither."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 3:5 "In Gibeon the LORD appeared to Solomon in a dream by night: and God said, Ask what I shall give thee."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 3:6 "And Solomon said, Thou hast showed unto thy servant David my father great mercy, according as he walked before thee in truth, and in righteousness, and in uprightness of heart with thee; and thou hast kept for him this great kindness, that thou hast given him a son to sit on his throne, as it is this day."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 3:12 "Behold, I have done according to thy words: lo, I have given thee a wise and an understanding heart; so that there was none like thee before thee, neither after thee shall any arise like unto thee."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 3:13 "And I have also given thee that which thou hast not asked, both riches, and honor: so that there shall not be any among the kings like unto thee all thy days."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 3:21 "And when I rose in the morning to give my child suck, behold, it was dead: but when I had considered it in the morning, behold, it was not my son, which I did bear."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 4:1 "So king Solomon was king over all Israel."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 5:1 "And Hiram king of Tyre sent his servants unto Solomon; for he had heard that they had anointed him king in the room of his father: for Hiram was ever a lover of David."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 5:13 "And king Solomon raised a levy out of all Israel; and the levy was thirty thousand men."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 6:24 "And five cubits was the one wing of the cherub, and five cubits the other wing of the cherub: from the uttermost part of the one wing unto the uttermost part of the other were ten cubits."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 7:15 "For he cast two pillars of brass, of eighteen cubits high apiece: and a line of twelve cubits did compass either of them about."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 7:23 "And he made a molten sea, ten cubits from the one brim to the other: it was round all about, and his height was five cubits: and a line of thirty cubits did compass it round about."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 7:38 "Then made he ten lavers of brass: one laver contained forty baths: and every laver was four cubits: and upon every one of the ten bases one laver."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 8:13 "I have surely built thee an house to dwell in, a settled place for thee to abide in for ever."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 8:16 "Since the day that I brought forth my people Israel out of Egypt, I chose no city out of all the tribes of Israel to build an house, that my name might be therein; but I chose David to be over my people Israel."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 8:23 "And he said, LORD God of Israel, there is no God like thee, in heaven above, or on earth beneath, who keepest covenant and mercy with thy servants that walk before thee with all their heart:"
Aspect22, 1 Kings 8:26 "And now, O God of Israel, let thy word, I pray thee, be verified, which thou spakest unto thy servant David my father."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 8:28 "Yet have thou respect unto the prayer of thy servant, and to his supplication, O LORD my God, to hearken unto the cry and to the prayer, which thy servant prayeth before thee to day:"
Aspect22, 1 Kings 8:33 "When thy people Israel be smitten down before the enemy, because they have sinned against thee, and shall turn again to thee, and confess thy name, and pray, and make supplication unto thee in this house:"
Aspect22, 1 Kings 8:35 "When heaven is shut up, and there is no rain, because they have sinned against thee; if they pray toward this place, and confess thy name, and turn from their sin, when thou afflictest them:"
Aspect22, 1 Kings 8:38 "What prayer and supplication soever be made by any man, or by all thy people Israel, which shall know every man the plague of his own heart, and spread forth his hands toward this house:"
Aspect22, 1 Kings 8:41 "Moreover concerning a stranger, that is not of thy people Israel, but cometh out of a far country for thy name's sake;"
Aspect22, 1 Kings 8:43 "Hear thou in heaven thy dwelling place, and do according to all that the stranger calleth to thee for: that all people of the earth may know thy name, to fear thee, as do thy people Israel; and that they may know that this house, which I have builded, is called by thy name."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 8:47 "Yet if they shall bethink themselves in the land whither they were carried captives, and repent, and make supplication unto thee in the land of them that carried them captives, saying, We have sinned, and have done perversely, we have committed wickedness;"
Aspect22, 1 Kings 8:50 "And forgive thy people that have sinned against thee, and all their transgressions wherein they have transgressed against thee, and give them compassion before them who carried them captive, that they may have compassion on them:"
Aspect22, 1 Kings 8:66 "On the eighth day he sent the people away: and they blessed the king, and went unto their tents joyful and glad of heart for all the goodness that the LORD had done for David his servant, and for Israel his people."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 9:4 "And if thou wilt walk before me, as David thy father walked, in integrity of heart, and in uprightness, to do according to all that I have commanded thee, and wilt keep my statutes and my judgments:"
Aspect22, 1 Kings 10:8 "Happy are thy men, happy are these thy servants, which stand continually before thee, and that hear thy wisdom."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 10:9 "Blessed be the LORD thy God, which delighted in thee, to set thee on the throne of Israel: because the LORD loved Israel for ever, therefore made he thee king, to do judgment and justice."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 11:11 "Wherefore the LORD said unto Solomon, Forasmuch as this is done of thee, and thou hast not kept my covenant and my statutes, which I have commanded thee, I will surely rend the kingdom from thee, and will give it to thy servant."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 11:27 "And this was the cause that he lifted up his hand against the king: Solomon built Millo, and repaired the breaches of the city of David his father."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 11:31 "And he said to Jeroboam, Take thee ten pieces: for thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel, Behold, I will rend the kingdom out of the hand of Solomon, and will give ten tribes to thee:"
Aspect22, 1 Kings 11:33 "Because that they have forsaken me, and have worshipped Ashtoreth the goddess of the Zidonians, Chemosh the god of the Moabites, and Milcom the god of the children of Ammon, and have not walked in my ways, to do that which is right in mine eyes, and to keep my statutes and my judgments, as did David his father."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 11:38 "And it shall be, if thou wilt hearken unto all that I command thee, and wilt walk in my ways, and do that is right in my sight, to keep my statutes and my commandments, as David my servant did; that I will be with thee, and build thee a sure house, as I built for David, and will give Israel unto thee."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 12:4 "Thy father made our yoke grievous: now therefore make thou the grievous service of thy father, and his heavy yoke which he put upon us, lighter, and we will serve thee."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 12:7 "And they spake unto him, saying, If thou wilt be a servant unto this people this day, and wilt serve them, and answer them, and speak good words to them, then they will be thy servants for ever."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 12:12 "So Jeroboam and all the people came to Rehoboam the third day, as the king had appointed, saying, Come to me again the third day."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 12:16 "So when all Israel saw that the king hearkened not unto them, the people answered the king, saying, What portion have we in David? neither have we inheritance in the son of Jesse: to your tents, O Israel: now see to thine own house, David. So Israel departed unto their tents."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 13:2 "And he cried against the altar in the word of the LORD, and said, O altar, altar, thus saith the LORD; Behold, a child shall be born unto the house of David, Josiah by name; and upon thee shall he offer the priests of the high places that burn incense upon thee, and men's bones shall be burnt upon thee."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 13:4 "And it came to pass, when king Jeroboam heard the saying of the man of God, which had cried against the altar in Bethel, that he put forth his hand from the altar, saying, Lay hold on him. And his hand, which he put forth against him, dried up, so that he could not pull it in again to him."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 13:7 "And the king said unto the man of God, Come home with me, and refresh thyself, and I will give thee a reward."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 13:16 "And he said, I may not return with thee, nor go in with thee: neither will I eat bread nor drink water with thee in this place:"
Aspect22, 1 Kings 14:2 "And Jeroboam said to his wife, Arise, I pray thee, and disguise thyself, that thou be not known to be the wife of Jeroboam; and get thee to Shiloh: behold, there is Ahijah the prophet, which told me that I should be king over this people."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 14:3 "And take with thee ten loaves, and cracknels, and a cruse of honey, and go to him: he shall tell thee what shall become of the child."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 14:7 "Go, tell Jeroboam, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Forasmuch as I exalted thee from among the people, and made thee prince over my people Israel,"
Aspect22, 1 Kings 15:19 "There is a league between me and thee, and between my father and thy father: behold, I have sent unto thee a present of silver and gold; come and break thy league with Baasha king of Israel, that he may depart from me."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 15:26 "And he did evil in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the way of his father, and in his sin wherewith he made Israel to sin."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 15:34 "And he did evil in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the way of Jeroboam, and in his sin wherewith he made Israel to sin."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 16:2 "Forasmuch as I exalted thee out of the dust, and made thee prince over my people Israel; and thou hast walked in the way of Jeroboam, and hast made my people Israel to sin, to provoke me to anger with their sins;"
Aspect22, 1 Kings 16:26 "For he walked in all the way of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, and in his sin wherewith he made Israel to sin, to provoke the LORD God of Israel to anger with their vanities."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 17:3 "Get thee hence, and turn thee eastward, and hide thyself by the brook Cherith, that is before Jordan."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 17:9 "Arise, get thee to Zarephath, which belongeth to Zidon, and dwell there: behold, I have commanded a widow woman there to sustain thee."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 17:10 "So he arose and went to Zarephath. And when he came to the gate of the city, behold, the widow woman was there gathering of sticks: and he called to her, and said, Fetch me, I pray thee, a little water in a vessel, that I may drink."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 17:11 "And as she was going to fetch it, he called to her, and said, Bring me, I pray thee, a morsel of bread in thine hand."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 18:12 "And it shall come to pass, as soon as I am gone from thee, that the Spirit of the LORD shall carry thee whither I know not; and so when I come and tell Ahab, and he cannot find thee, he shall slay me: but I thy servant fear the LORD from my youth."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 19:20 "And he left the oxen, and ran after Elijah, and said, Let me, I pray thee, kiss my father and my mother, and then I will follow thee. And he said unto him, Go back again: for what have I done to thee?"
Aspect22, 1 Kings 20:6 "Yet I will send my servants unto thee to morrow about this time, and they shall search thine house, and the houses of thy servants; and it shall be, that whatsoever is pleasant in thine eyes, they shall put it in their hand, and take it away."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 20:7 "Then the king of Israel called all the elders of the land, and said, Mark, I pray you, and see how this man seeketh mischief: for he sent unto me for my wives, and for my children, and for my silver, and for my gold; and I denied him not."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 20:22 "And the prophet came to the king of Israel, and said unto him, Go, strengthen thyself, and mark, and see what thou doest: for at the return of the year the king of Syria will come up against thee."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 20:31 "And his servants said unto him, Behold now, we have heard that the kings of the house of Israel are merciful kings: let us, I pray thee, put sackcloth on our loins, and ropes upon our heads, and go out to the king of Israel: peradventure he will save thy life."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 20:37 "Then he found another man, and said, Smite me, I pray thee. And the man smote him, so that in smiting he wounded him."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 21:2 "And Ahab spake unto Naboth, saying, Give me thy vineyard, that I may have it for a garden of herbs, because it is near unto my house: and I will give thee for it a better vineyard than it; or, if it seem good to thee, I will give thee the worth of it in money."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 21:6 "And he said unto her, Because I spake unto Naboth the Jezreelite, and said unto him, Give me thy vineyard for money; or else, if it please thee, I will give thee another vineyard for it: and he answered, I will not give thee my vineyard."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 21:7 "And Jezebel his wife said unto him, Dost thou now govern the kingdom of Israel? arise, and eat bread, and let thine heart be merry: I will give thee the vineyard of Naboth the Jezreelite."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 21:13 "And there came in two men, children of Belial, and sat before him: and the men of Belial witnessed against him, even against Naboth, in the presence of the people, saying, Naboth did blaspheme God and the king. Then they carried him forth out of the city, and stoned him with stones, that he died."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 21:18 "Arise, go down to meet Ahab king of Israel, which is in Samaria: behold, he is in the vineyard of Naboth, whither he is gone down to possess it."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 21:21 "Behold, I will bring evil upon thee, and will take away thy posterity, and will cut off from Ahab him that pisseth against the wall, and him that is shut up and left in Israel,"
Aspect22, 1 Kings 22:3 "And the king of Israel said unto his servants, Know ye that Ramoth in Gilead is ours, and we be still, and take it not out of the hand of the king of Syria?"
Aspect22, 1 Kings 22:5 "And Jehoshaphat said unto the king of Israel, Enquire, I pray thee, at the word of the LORD to day."
Aspect22, 1 Kings 22:18 "And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, Did I not tell thee that he would prophesy no good concerning me, but evil?"
Aspect22, 1 Kings 22:26 "And the king of Israel said, Take Micaiah, and carry him back unto Amon the governor of the city, and to Joash the king's son;"
Aspect22, 1 Kings 22:52 "And he did evil in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the way of his father, and in the way of his mother, and in the way of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin:"
Aspect22, 2 Kings 2:9 "And it came to pass, when they were gone over, that Elijah said unto Elisha, Ask what I shall do for thee, before I be taken away from thee. And Elisha said, I pray thee, let a double portion of thy spirit be upon me."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 3:4 "And Mesha king of Moab was a sheepmaster, and rendered unto the king of Israel an hundred thousand lambs, and an hundred thousand rams, with the wool."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 3:13 "And Elisha said unto the king of Israel, What have I to do with thee? get thee to the prophets of thy father, and to the prophets of thy mother. And the king of Israel said unto him, Nay: for the LORD hath called these three kings together, to deliver them into the hand of Moab."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 3:14 "And Elisha said, As the LORD of hosts liveth, before whom I stand, surely, were it not that I regard the presence of Jehoshaphat the king of Judah, I would not look toward thee, nor see thee."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 3:19 "And ye shall smite every fenced city, and every choice city, and shall fell every good tree, and stop all wells of water, and mar every good piece of land with stones."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 4:3 "Then he said, Go, borrow thee vessels abroad of all thy neighbors, even empty vessels; borrow not a few."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 4:10 "Let us make a little chamber, I pray thee, on the wall; and let us set for him there a bed, and a table, and a stool, and a candlestick: and it shall be, when he cometh to us, that he shall turn in thither."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 4:22 "And she called unto her husband, and said, Send me, I pray thee, one of the young men, and one of the asses, that I may run to the man of God, and come again."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 4:26 "Run now, I pray thee, to meet her, and say unto her, Is it well with thee? is it well with thy husband? is it well with the child? And she answered, It is well:"
Aspect22, 2 Kings 5:6 "And he brought the letter to the king of Israel, saying, Now when this letter is come unto thee, behold, I have therewith sent Naaman my servant to thee, that thou mayest recover him of his leprosy."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 5:15 "And he returned to the man of God, he and all his company, and came, and stood before him: and he said, Behold, now I know that there is no God in all the earth, but in Israel: now therefore, I pray thee, take a blessing of thy servant."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 5:26 "And he said unto him, Went not mine heart with thee, when the man turned again from his chariot to meet thee? Is it a time to receive money, and to receive garments, and oliveyards, and vineyards, and sheep, and oxen, and menservants, and maidservants?"
Aspect22, 2 Kings 6:3 "And one said, Be content, I pray thee, and go with thy servants. And he answered, I will go."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 6:7 "Therefore said he, Take it up to thee. And he put out his hand, and took it."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 6:11 "Therefore the heart of the king of Syria was sore troubled for this thing; and he called his servants, and said unto them, Will ye not show me which of us is for the king of Israel?"
Aspect22, 2 Kings 6:27 "And he said, If the LORD do not help thee, whence shall I help thee? out of the barnfloor, or out of the winepress?"
Aspect22, 2 Kings 6:28 "And the king said unto her, What aileth thee? And she answered, This woman said unto me, Give thy son, that we may eat him to day, and we will eat my son to morrow."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 7:9 "Then they said one to another, We do not well: this day is a day of good tidings, and we hold our peace: if we tarry till the morning light, some mischief will come upon us: now therefore come, that we may go and tell the king's household."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 7:13 "And one of his servants answered and said, Let some take, I pray thee, five of the horses that remain, which are left in the city, (behold, they are as all the multitude of Israel that are left in it: behold, I say, they are even as all the multitude of the Israelites that are consumed:) and let us send and see."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 8:4 "And the king talked with Gehazi the servant of the man of God, saying, Tell me, I pray thee, all the great things that Elisha hath done."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 8:9 "So Hazael went to meet him, and took a present with him, even of every good thing of Damascus, forty camels' burden, and came and stood before him, and said, Thy son Benhadad king of Syria hath sent me to thee, saying, Shall I recover of this disease?"
Aspect22, 2 Kings 9:3 "Then take the box of oil, and pour it on his head, and say, Thus saith the LORD, I have anointed thee king over Israel. Then open the door, and flee, and tarry not."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 11:12 "And he brought forth the king's son, and put the crown upon him, and gave him the testimony; and they made him king, and anointed him; and they clapped their hands, and said, God save the king."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 15:20 "And Menahem exacted the money of Israel, even of all the mighty men of wealth, of each man fifty shekels of silver, to give to the king of Assyria. So the king of Assyria turned back, and stayed not there in the land."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 16:9 "And the king of Assyria hearkened unto him: for the king of Assyria went up against Damascus, and took it, and carried the people of it captive to Kir, and slew Rezin."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 17:23 "Until the LORD removed Israel out of his sight, as he had said by all his servants the prophets. So was Israel carried away out of their own land to Assyria unto this day."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 17:26 "Wherefore they spake to the king of Assyria, saying, The nations which thou hast removed, and placed in the cities of Samaria, know not the manner of the God of the land: therefore he hath sent lions among them, and, behold, they slay them, because they know not the manner of the God of the land."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 18:23 "Now therefore, I pray thee, give pledges to my lord the king of Assyria, and I will deliver thee two thousand horses, if thou be able on thy part to set riders upon them."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 18:31 "Hearken not to Hezekiah: for thus saith the king of Assyria, Make an agreement with me by a present, and come out to me, and then eat ye every man of his own vine, and every one of his fig tree, and drink ye every one the waters of his cistern:"
Aspect22, 2 Kings 19:3 "And they said unto him, Thus saith Hezekiah, This day is a day of trouble, and of rebuke, and blasphemy; for the children are come to the birth, and there is not strength to bring forth."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 19:8 "So Rabshakeh returned, and found the king of Assyria warring against Libnah: for he had heard that he was departed from Lachish."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 19:24 "I have digged and drunk strange waters, and with the sole of my feet have I dried up all the rivers of besieged places."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 20:3 "I beseech thee, O LORD, remember now how I have walked before thee in truth and with a perfect heart, and have done that which is good in thy sight. And Hezekiah wept sore."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 20:6 "And I will add unto thy days fifteen years; and I will deliver thee and this city out of the hand of the king of Assyria; and I will defend this city for mine own sake, and for my servant David's sake."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 22:20 "Behold therefore, I will gather thee unto thy fathers, and thou shalt be gathered into thy grave in peace; and thine eyes shall not see all the evil which I will bring upon this place. And they brought the king word again."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 23:4 "And the king commanded Hilkiah the high priest, and the priests of the second order, and the keepers of the door, to bring forth out of the temple of the LORD all the vessels that were made for Baal, and for the grove, and for all the host of heaven: and he burned them without Jerusalem in the fields of Kidron, and carried the ashes of them unto Bethel."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 23:15 "Moreover the altar that was at Bethel, and the high place which Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin, had made, both that altar and the high place he brake down, and burned the high place, and stamped it small to powder, and burned the grove."
Aspect22, 2 Kings 24:17 "And the king of Babylon made Mattaniah his father's brother king in his stead, and changed his name to Zedekiah."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 2:2 "Dan, Joseph, and Benjamin, Naphtali, Gad, and Asher."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 2:13 "And Jesse begat his firstborn Eliab, and Abinadab the second, and Shimma the third,"
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 2:15 "Ozem the sixth, David the seventh:"
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 5:26 "And the God of Israel stirred up the spirit of Pul king of Assyria, and the spirit of Tilgathpilneser king of Assyria, and he carried them away, even the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and the half tribe of Manasseh, and brought them unto Halah, and Habor, and Hara, and to the river Gozan, unto this day."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 11:7 "And David dwelt in the castle; therefore they called it the city of David."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 12:11 "Attai the sixth, Eliel the seventh,"
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 12:18 "Then the spirit came upon Amasai, who was chief of the captains, and he said, Thine are we, David, and on thy side, thou son of Jesse: peace, peace be unto thee, and peace be to thine helpers; for thy God helpeth thee. Then David received them, and made them captains of the band."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 12:36 "And of Asher, such as went forth to battle, expert in war, forty thousand."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 13:12 "And David was afraid of God that day, saying, How shall I bring the ark of God home to me?"
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 15:2 "Then David said, None ought to carry the ark of God but the Levites: for them hath the LORD chosen to carry the ark of God, and to minister unto him for ever."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 16:1 "So they brought the ark of God, and set it in the midst of the tent that David had pitched for it: and they offered burnt sacrifices and peace offerings before God."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 16:18 "Saying, Unto thee will I give the land of Canaan, the lot of your inheritance;"
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 16:23 "Sing unto the LORD, all the earth; show forth from day to day his salvation."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 16:27 "Glory and honor are in his presence; strength and gladness are in his place."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 16:37 "So he left there before the ark of the covenant of the LORD Asaph and his brethren, to minister before the ark continually, as every day's work required:"
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 17:2 "Then Nathan said unto David, Do all that is in thine heart; for God is with thee."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 17:8 "And I have been with thee whithersoever thou hast walked, and have cut off all thine enemies from before thee, and have made thee a name like the name of the great men that are in the earth."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 17:10 "And since the time that I commanded judges to be over my people Israel. Moreover I will subdue all thine enemies. Furthermore I tell thee that the LORD will build thee an house."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 17:20 "O LORD, there is none like thee, neither is there any God beside thee, according to all that we have heard with our ears."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 17:24 "Let it even be established, that thy name may be magnified for ever, saying, The LORD of hosts is the God of Israel, even a God to Israel: and let the house of David thy servant be established before thee."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 17:25 "For thou, O my God, hast told thy servant that thou wilt build him an house: therefore thy servant hath found in his heart to pray before thee."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 17:27 "Now therefore let it please thee to bless the house of thy servant, that it may be before thee for ever: for thou blessest, O LORD, and it shall be blessed for ever."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 19:3 "But the princes of the children of Ammon said to Hanun, Thinkest thou that David doth honor thy father, that he hath sent comforters unto thee? are not his servants come unto thee for to search, and to overthrow, and to spy out the land?"
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 19:12 "And he said, If the Syrians be too strong for me, then thou shalt help me: but if the children of Ammon be too strong for thee, then I will help thee."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 21:10 "Go and tell David, saying, Thus saith the LORD, I offer thee three things: choose thee one of them, that I may do it unto thee."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 21:23 "And Ornan said unto David, Take it to thee, and let my lord the king do that which is good in his eyes: lo, I give thee the oxen also for burnt offerings, and the threshing instruments for wood, and the wheat for the meat offering; I give it all."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 22:12 "Only the LORD give thee wisdom and understanding, and give thee charge concerning Israel, that thou mayest keep the law of the LORD thy God."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 22:15 "Moreover there are workmen with thee in abundance, hewers and workers of stone and timber, and all manner of cunning men for every manner of work."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 22:16 "Of the gold, the silver, and the brass, and the iron, there is no number. Arise therefore, and be doing, and the LORD be with thee."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 24:9 "The fifth to Malchijah, the sixth to Mijamin,"
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 26:3 "Elam the fifth, Jehohanan the sixth, Elioenai the seventh."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 26:32 "And his brethren, men of valor, were two thousand and seven hundred chief fathers, whom king David made rulers over the Reubenites, the Gadites, and the half tribe of Manasseh, for every matter pertaining to God, and affairs of the king."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 27:31 "And over the flocks was Jaziz the Hagerite. All these were the rulers of the substance which was king David's."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 28:20 "And David said to Solomon his son, Be strong and of good courage, and do it: fear not, nor be dismayed: for the LORD God, even my God, will be with thee; he will not fail thee, nor forsake thee, until thou hast finished all the work for the service of the house of the LORD."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 28:21 "And, behold, the courses of the priests and the Levites, even they shall be with thee for all the service of the house of God: and there shall be with thee for all manner of workmanship every willing skillful man, for any manner of service: also the princes and all the people will be wholly at thy commandment."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 29:12 "Both riches and honor come of thee, and thou reignest over all; and in thine hand is power and might; and in thine hand it is to make great, and to give strength unto all."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 29:13 "Now therefore, our God, we thank thee, and praise thy glorious name."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 29:14 "But who am I, and what is my people, that we should be able to offer so willingly after this sort? for all things come of thee, and of thine own have we given thee."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 29:16 "O LORD our God, all this store that we have prepared to build thee an house for thine holy name cometh of thine hand, and is all thine own."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 29:17 "I know also, my God, that thou triest the heart, and hast pleasure in uprightness. As for me, in the uprightness of mine heart I have willingly offered all these things: and now have I seen with joy thy people, which are present here, to offer willingly unto thee."
Aspect22, 1 Chronicles 29:23 "Then Solomon sat on the throne of the LORD as king instead of David his father, and prospered; and all Israel obeyed him."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 1:7 "In that night did God appear unto Solomon, and said unto him, Ask what I shall give thee."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 1:11 "And God said to Solomon, Because this was in thine heart, and thou hast not asked riches, wealth, or honor, nor the life of thine enemies, neither yet hast asked long life; but hast asked wisdom and knowledge for thyself, that thou mayest judge my people, over whom I have made thee king:"
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 1:12 "Wisdom and knowledge is granted unto thee; and I will give thee riches, and wealth, and honor, such as none of the kings have had that have been before thee, neither shall there any after thee have the like."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 2:14 "The son of a woman of the daughters of Dan, and his father was a man of Tyre, skillful to work in gold, and in silver, in brass, in iron, in stone, and in timber, in purple, in blue, and in fine linen, and in crimson; also to grave any manner of graving, and to find out every device which shall be put to him, with thy cunning men, and with the cunning men of my lord David thy father."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 4:10 "And he set the sea on the right side of the east end, over against the south."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 6:2 "But I have built an house of habitation for thee, and a place for thy dwelling for ever."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 6:5 "Since the day that I brought forth my people out of the land of Egypt I chose no city among all the tribes of Israel to build an house in, that my name might be there; neither chose I any man to be a ruler over my people Israel:"
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 6:13 "For Solomon had made a brazen scaffold of five cubits long, and five cubits broad, and three cubits high, and had set it in the midst of the court: and upon it he stood, and kneeled down upon his knees before all the congregation of Israel, and spread forth his hands toward heaven."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 6:14 "And said, O LORD God of Israel, there is no God like thee in the heaven, nor in the earth; which keepest covenant, and showest mercy unto thy servants, that walk before thee with all their hearts:"
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 6:19 "Have respect therefore to the prayer of thy servant, and to his supplication, O LORD my God, to hearken unto the cry and the prayer which thy servant prayeth before thee:"
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 6:24 "And if thy people Israel be put to the worse before the enemy, because they have sinned against thee; and shall return and confess thy name, and pray and make supplication before thee in this house;"
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 6:26 "When the heaven is shut up, and there is no rain, because they have sinned against thee; yet if they pray toward this place, and confess thy name, and turn from their sin, when thou dost afflict them;"
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 6:31 "That they may fear thee, to walk in thy ways, so long as they live in the land which thou gavest unto our fathers."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 6:33 "Then hear thou from the heavens, even from thy dwelling place, and do according to all that the stranger calleth to thee for; that all people of the earth may know thy name, and fear thee, as doth thy people Israel, and may know that this house which I have built is called by thy name."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 6:37 "Yet if they bethink themselves in the land whither they are carried captive, and turn and pray unto thee in the land of their captivity, saying, We have sinned, we have done amiss, and have dealt wickedly;"
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 6:40 "Now, my God, let, I beseech thee, thine eyes be open, and let thine ears be attent unto the prayer that is made in this place."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 7:10 "And on the three and twentieth day of the seventh month he sent the people away into their tents, glad and merry in heart for the goodness that the LORD had showed unto David, and to Solomon, and to Israel his people."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 7:17 "And as for thee, if thou wilt walk before me, as David thy father walked, and do according to all that I have commanded thee, and shalt observe my statutes and my judgments;"
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 7:18 "Then will I stablish the throne of thy kingdom, according as I have covenanted with David thy father, saying, There shall not fail thee a man to be ruler in Israel."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 8:8 "But of their children, who were left after them in the land, whom the children of Israel consumed not, them did Solomon make to pay tribute until this day."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 8:15 "And they departed not from the commandment of the king unto the priests and Levites concerning any matter, or concerning the treasures."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 9:7 "Happy are thy men, and happy are these thy servants, which stand continually before thee, and hear thy wisdom."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 9:8 "Blessed be the LORD thy God, which delighted in thee to set thee on his throne, to be king for the LORD thy God: because thy God loved Israel, to establish them for ever, therefore made he thee king over them, to do judgment and justice."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 10:4 "Thy father made our yoke grievous: now therefore ease thou somewhat the grievous servitude of thy father, and his heavy yoke that he put upon us, and we will serve thee."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 10:16 "And when all Israel saw that the king would not hearken unto them, the people answered the king, saying, What portion have we in David? and we have none inheritance in the son of Jesse: every man to your tents, O Israel: and now, David, see to thine own house. So all Israel went to their tents."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 16:3 "There is a league between me and thee, as there was between my father and thy father: behold, I have sent thee silver and gold; go, break thy league with Baasha king of Israel, that he may depart from me."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 18:3 "And Ahab king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat king of Judah, Wilt thou go with me to Ramothgilead? And he answered him, I am as thou art, and my people as thy people; and we will be with thee in the war."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 18:4 "And Jehoshaphat said unto the king of Israel, Enquire, I pray thee, at the word of the LORD to day."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 18:12 "And the messenger that went to call Micaiah spake to him, saying, Behold, the words of the prophets declare good to the king with one assent; let thy word therefore, I pray thee, be like one of theirs, and speak thou good."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 18:17 "And the king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat, Did I not tell thee that he would not prophesy good unto me, but evil?"
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 18:25 "Then the king of Israel said, Take ye Micaiah, and carry him back to Amon the governor of the city, and to Joash the king's son;"
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 19:3 "Nevertheless there are good things found in thee, in that thou hast taken away the groves out of the land, and hast prepared thine heart to seek God."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 20:32 "And he walked in the way of Asa his father, and departed not from it, doing that which was right in the sight of the LORD."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 21:15 "And thou shalt have great sickness by disease of thy bowels, until thy bowels fall out by reason of the sickness day by day."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 23:10 "And he set all the people, every man having his weapon in his hand, from the right side of the temple to the left side of the temple, along by the altar and the temple, by the king round about."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 25:8 "But if thou wilt go, do it; be strong for the battle: God shall make thee fall before the enemy: for God hath power to help, and to cast down."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 29:7 "Also they have shut up the doors of the porch, and put out the lamps, and have not burned incense nor offered burnt offerings in the holy place unto the God of Israel."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 29:23 "And they brought forth the he goats for the sin offering before the king and the congregation; and they laid their hands upon them:"
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 29:24 "And the priests killed them, and they made reconciliation with their blood upon the altar, to make an atonement for all Israel: for the king commanded that the burnt offering and the sin offering should be made for all Israel."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 29:29 "And when they had made an end of offering, the king and all that were present with him bowed themselves, and worshipped."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 32:7 "Be strong and courageous, be not afraid nor dismayed for the king of Assyria, nor for all the multitude that is with him: for there be more with us than with him:"
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 32:21 "And the LORD sent an angel, which cut off all the mighty men of valor, and the leaders and captains in the camp of the king of Assyria. So he returned with shame of face to his own land. And when he was come into the house of his god, they that came forth of his own bowels slew him there with the sword."
Aspect22, 2 Chronicles 35:21 "But he sent ambassadors to him, saying, What have I to do with thee, thou king of Judah? I come not against thee this day, but against the house wherewith I have war: for God commanded me to make haste: forbear thee from meddling with God, who is with me, that he destroy thee not."
Aspect22, Ezra 3:4 "They kept also the feast of tabernacles, as it is written, and offered the daily burnt offerings by number, according to the custom, as the duty of every day required;"
Aspect22, Ezra 5:10 "We asked their names also, to certify thee, that we might write the names of the men that were the chief of them."
Aspect22, Ezra 5:11 "And thus they returned us answer, saying, We are the servants of the God of heaven and earth, and build the house that was builded these many years ago, which a great king of Israel builded and set up."
Aspect22, Ezra 5:17 "Now therefore, if it seem good to the king, let there be search made in the king's treasure house, which is there at Babylon, whether it be so, that a decree was made of Cyrus the king to build this house of God at Jerusalem, and let the king send his pleasure to us concerning this matter."
Aspect22, Ezra 6:15 "And this house was finished on the third day of the month Adar, which was in the sixth year of the reign of Darius the king."
Aspect22, Ezra 7:13 "I make a decree, that all they of the people of Israel, and of his priests and Levites, in my realm, which are minded of their own freewill to go up to Jerusalem, go with thee."
Aspect22, Ezra 7:18 "And whatsoever shall seem good to thee, and to thy brethren, to do with the rest of the silver and the gold, that do after the will of your God."
Aspect22, Ezra 9:6 "And said, O my God, I am ashamed and blush to lift up my face to thee, my God: for our iniquities are increased over our head, and our trespass is grown up unto the heavens."
Aspect22, Ezra 9:15 "O LORD God of Israel, thou art righteous: for we remain yet escaped, as it is this day: behold, we are before thee in our trespasses: for we cannot stand before thee because of this."
Aspect22, Ezra 10:4 "Arise; for this matter belongeth unto thee: we also will be with thee: be of good courage, and do it."
Aspect22, Ezra 10:17 "And they made an end with all the men that had taken strange wives by the first day of the first month."
Aspect22, Nehemiah 1:6 "Let thine ear now be attentive, and thine eyes open, that thou mayest hear the prayer of thy servant, which I pray before thee now, day and night, for the children of Israel thy servants, and confess the sins of the children of Israel, which we have sinned against thee: both I and my father's house have sinned."
Aspect22, Nehemiah 1:10 "Now these are thy servants and thy people, whom thou hast redeemed by thy great power, and by thy strong hand."
Aspect22, Nehemiah 1:11 "O LORD, I beseech thee, let now thine ear be attentive to the prayer of thy servant, and to the prayer of thy servants, who desire to fear thy name: and prosper, I pray thee, thy servant this day, and grant him mercy in the sight of this man. For I was the king's cupbearer."
Aspect22, Nehemiah 2:3 "And said unto the king, Let the king live for ever: why should not my countenance be sad, when the city, the place of my fathers' sepulchres, lieth waste, and the gates thereof are consumed with fire?"
Aspect22, Nehemiah 4:2 "And he spake before his brethren and the army of Samaria, and said, What do these feeble Jews? will they fortify themselves? will they sacrifice? will they make an end in a day? will they revive the stones out of the heaps of the rubbish which are burned?"
Aspect22, Nehemiah 4:5 "And cover not their iniquity, and let not their sin be blotted out from before thee: for they have provoked thee to anger before the builders."
Aspect22, Nehemiah 4:18 "For the builders, every one had his sword girded by his side, and so builded. And he that sounded the trumpet was by me."
Aspect22, Nehemiah 4:21 "So we laboured in the work: and half of them held the spears from the rising of the morning till the stars appeared."
Aspect22, Nehemiah 7:4 "Now the city was large and great: but the people were few therein, and the houses were not builded."
Aspect22, Nehemiah 9:8 "And foundest his heart faithful before thee, and madest a covenant with him to give the land of the Canaanites, the Hittites, the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Jebusites, and the Girgashites, to give it, I say, to his seed, and hast performed thy words; for thou art righteous:"
Aspect22, Nehemiah 9:26 "Nevertheless they were disobedient, and rebelled against thee, and cast thy law behind their backs, and slew thy prophets which testified against them to turn them to thee, and they wrought great provocations."
Aspect22, Nehemiah 9:32 "Now therefore, our God, the great, the mighty, and the terrible God, who keepest covenant and mercy, let not all the trouble seem little before thee, that hath come upon us, on our kings, on our princes, and on our priests, and on our prophets, and on our fathers, and on all thy people, since the time of the kings of Assyria unto this day."
Aspect22, Nehemiah 9:36 "Behold, we are servants this day, and for the land that thou gavest unto our fathers to eat the fruit thereof and the good thereof, behold, we are servants in it:"
Aspect22, Nehemiah 13:26 "Did not Solomon king of Israel sin by these things? yet among many nations was there no king like him, who was beloved of his God, and God made him king over all Israel: nevertheless even him did outlandish women cause to sin."
Aspect22, Esther 3:2 "And all the king's servants, that were in the king's gate, bowed, and reverenced Haman: for the king had so commanded concerning him. But Mordecai bowed not, nor did him reverence."
Aspect22, Esther 3:11 "And the king said unto Haman, The silver is given to thee, the people also, to do with them as it seemeth good to thee."
Aspect22, Esther 3:12 "Then were the king's scribes called on the thirteenth day of the first month, and there was written according to all that Haman had commanded unto the king's lieutenants, and to the governors that were over every province, and to the rulers of every people of every province according to the writing thereof, and to every people after their language; in the name of king Ahasuerus was it written, and sealed with the king's ring."
Aspect22, Esther 4:11 "All the king's servants, and the people of the king's provinces, do know, that whosoever, whether man or women, shall come unto the king into the inner court, who is not called, there is one law of his to put him to death, except such to whom the king shall hold out the golden sceptre, that he may live: but I have not been called to come in unto the king these thirty days."
Aspect22, Esther 5:3 "Then said the king unto her, What wilt thou, queen Esther? and what is thy request? it shall be even given thee to the half of the kingdom."
Aspect22, Esther 5:9 "Then went Haman forth that day joyful and with a glad heart: but when Haman saw Mordecai in the king's gate, that he stood not up, nor moved for him, he was full of indignation against Mordecai."
Aspect22, Esther 7:2 "And the king said again unto Esther on the second day at the banquet of wine, What is thy petition, queen Esther? and it shall be granted thee: and what is thy request? and it shall be performed, even to the half of the kingdom."
Aspect22, Esther 8:12 "Upon one day in all the provinces of king Ahasuerus, namely, upon the thirteenth day of the twelfth month, which is the month Adar."
Aspect22, Esther 9:2 "The Jews gathered themselves together in their cities throughout all the provinces of the king Ahasuerus, to lay hand on such as sought their hurt: and no man could withstand them; for the fear of them fell upon all people."
Aspect22, Esther 9:11 "On that day the number of those that were slain in Shushan the palace was brought before the king."
Aspect22, Esther 9:26 "Wherefore they called these days Purim after the name of Pur. Therefore for all the words of this letter, and of that which they had seen concerning this matter, and which had come unto them,"
Aspect22, Job 1:11 "But put forth thine hand now, and touch all that he hath, and he will curse thee to thy face."
Aspect22, Job 1:15 "And the Sabeans fell upon them, and took them away; yea, they have slain the servants with the edge of the sword; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee."
Aspect22, Job 2:5 "But put forth thine hand now, and touch his bone and his flesh, and he will curse thee to thy face."
Aspect22, Job 4:2 "If we assay to commune with thee, wilt thou be grieved? but who can withhold himself from speaking?"
Aspect22, Job 4:7 "Remember, I pray thee, who ever perished, being innocent? or where were the righteous cut off?"
Aspect22, Job 4:9 "By the blast of God they perish, and by the breath of his nostrils are they consumed."
Aspect22, Job 5:1 "Call now, if there be any that will answer thee; and to which of the saints wilt thou turn?"
Aspect22, Job 5:19 "He shall deliver thee in six troubles: yea, in seven there shall no evil touch thee."
Aspect22, Job 5:20 "In famine he shall redeem thee from death: and in war from the power of the sword."
Aspect22, Job 6:12 "Is my strength the strength of stones? or is my flesh of brass?"
Aspect22, Job 7:4 "When I lie down, I say, When shall I arise, and the night be gone? and I am full of tossings to and fro unto the dawning of the day."
Aspect22, Job 8:10 "Shall not they teach thee, and tell thee, and utter words out of their heart?"
Aspect22, Job 8:16 "He is green before the sun, and his branch shooteth forth in his garden."
Aspect22, Job 8:19 "Behold, this is the joy of his way, and out of the earth shall others grow."
Aspect22, Job 8:22 "They that hate thee shall be clothed with shame; and the dwelling place of the wicked shall come to nought."
Aspect22, Job 9:7 "Which commandeth the sun, and it riseth not; and sealeth up the stars."
Aspect22, Job 10:13 "And these things hast thou hid in thine heart: I know that this is with thee."
Aspect22, Job 11:5 "But oh that God would speak, and open his lips against thee;"
Aspect22, Job 11:6 "And that he would shew thee the secrets of wisdom, that they are double to that which is! Know therefore that God exacteth of thee less than thine iniquity deserveth."
Aspect22, Job 11:19 "Also thou shalt lie down, and none shall make thee afraid; yea, many shall make suit unto thee."
Aspect22, Job 12:7 "But ask now the beasts, and they shall teach thee; and the fowls of the air, and they shall tell thee:"
Aspect22, Job 12:8 "Or speak to the earth, and it shall teach thee: and the fishes of the sea shall declare unto thee."
Aspect22, Job 13:20 "Only do not two things unto me: then will I not hide myself from thee."
Aspect22, Job 14:3 "And doth thou open thine eyes upon such an one, and bringest me into judgment with thee?"
Aspect22, Job 14:9 "Yet through the scent of water it will bud, and bring forth boughs like a plant."
Aspect22, Job 15:6 "Thine own mouth condemneth thee, and not I: yea, thine own lips testify against thee."
Aspect22, Job 15:11 "Are the consolations of God small with thee? is there any secret thing with thee?"
Aspect22, Job 15:12 "Why doth thine heart carry thee away? and what do thy eyes wink at,"
Aspect22, Job 15:17 "I will shew thee, hear me; and that which I have seen I will declare;"
Aspect22, Job 15:35 "They conceive mischief, and bring forth vanity, and their belly prepareth deceit."
Aspect22, Job 17:3 "Lay down now, put me in a surety with thee; who is he that will strike hands with me?"
Aspect22, Job 18:4 "He teareth himself in his anger: shall the earth be forsaken for thee? and shall the rock be removed out of his place?"
Aspect22, Job 18:11 "Terrors shall make him afraid on every side, and shall drive him to his feet."
Aspect22, Job 18:16 "His roots shall be dried up beneath, and above shall his branch be cut off."
Aspect22, Job 19:12 "His troops come together, and raise up their way against me, and encamp round about my tabernacle."
Aspect22, Job 21:20 "His eyes shall see his destruction, and he shall drink of the wrath of the Almighty."
Aspect22, Job 21:30 "That the wicked is reserved to the day of destruction? they shall be brought forth to the day of wrath."
Aspect22, Job 22:4 "Will he reprove thee for fear of thee? will he enter with thee into judgment?"
Aspect22, Job 22:8 "But as for the mighty man, he had the earth; and the honourable man dwelt in it."
Aspect22, Job 22:10 "Therefore snares are round about thee, and sudden fear troubleth thee;"
Aspect22, Job 22:20 "Whereas our substance is not cut down, but the remnant of them the fire consumeth."
Aspect22, Job 22:22 "Receive, I pray thee, the law from his mouth, and lay up his words in thine heart."
Aspect22, Job 24:4 "They turn the needy out of the way: the poor of the earth hide themselves together."
Aspect22, Job 24:5 "Behold, as wild asses in the desert, go they forth to their work; rising betimes for a prey: the wilderness yieldeth food for them and for their children."
Aspect22, Job 24:18 "He is swift as the waters; their portion is cursed in the earth: he beholdeth not the way of the vineyards."
Aspect22, Job 25:4 "How then can man be justified with God? or how can he be clean that is born of a woman?"
Aspect22, Job 27:3 "All the while my breath is in me, and the spirit of God is in my nostrils;"
Aspect22, Job 28:2 "Iron is taken out of the earth, and brass is molten out of the stone."
Aspect22, Job 28:4 "The flood breaketh out from the inhabitant; even the waters forgotten of the foot: they are dried up, they are gone away from men."
Aspect22, Job 28:26 "When he made a decree for the rain, and a way for the lightning of the thunder:"
Aspect22, Job 30:5 "They were driven forth from among men, (they cried after them as after a thief;)"
Aspect22, Job 31:40 "Let thistles grow instead of wheat, and cockle instead of barley. The words of Job are ended."
Aspect22, Job 33:1 "Wherefore, Job, I pray thee, hear my speeches, and hearken to all my words."
Aspect22, Job 33:7 "Behold, my terror shall not make thee afraid, neither shall my hand be heavy upon thee."
Aspect22, Job 33:33 "If not, hearken unto me: hold thy peace, and I shall teach thee wisdom."
Aspect22, Job 35:4 "I will answer thee, and thy companions with thee."
Aspect22, Job 36:2 "Suffer me a little, and I will shew thee that I have yet to speak on God's behalf."
Aspect22, Job 36:4 "For truly my words shall not be false: he that is perfect in knowledge is with thee."
Aspect22, Job 36:16 "Even so would he have removed thee out of the strait into a broad place, where there is no straitness; and that which should be set on thy table should be full of fatness."
Aspect22, Job 36:18 "Because there is wrath, beware lest he take thee away with his stroke: then a great ransom cannot deliver thee."
Aspect22, Job 36:20 "Desire not the night, when people are cut off in their place."
Aspect22, Job 37:10 "By the breath of God frost is given: and the breadth of the waters is straitened."
Aspect22, Job 38:26 "To cause it to rain on the earth, where no man is; on the wilderness, wherein there is no man;"
Aspect22, Job 38:34 "Canst thou lift up thy voice to the clouds, that abundance of waters may cover thee?"
Aspect22, Job 39:9 "Will the unicorn be willing to serve thee, or abide by thy crib?"
Aspect22, Job 40:4 "Behold, I am vile; what shall I answer thee? I will lay mine hand upon my mouth."
Aspect22, Job 40:14 "Then will I also confess unto thee that thine own right hand can save thee."
Aspect22, Job 40:15 "Behold now behemoth, which I made with thee; he eateth grass as an ox."
Aspect22, Job 41:3 "Will he make many supplications unto thee? will he speak soft words unto thee?"
Aspect22, Job 41:4 "Will he make a covenant with thee? wilt thou take him for a servant for ever?"
Aspect22, Job 42:2 "I know that thou canst do every thing, and that no thought can be withholden from thee."
Aspect22, Job 42:4 "Hear, I beseech thee, and I will speak: I will demand of thee, and declare thou unto me."
Aspect22, Job 42:5 "I have heard of thee by the hearing of the ear: but now mine eye seeth thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 2:8 "Ask of me, and I shall give thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession."
Aspect22, Psalm 5:10 "Destroy thou them, O God; let them fall by their own counsels; cast them out in the multitude of their transgressions; for they have rebelled against thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 5:11 "But let all those that put their trust in thee rejoice: let them ever shout for joy, because thou defendest them: let them also that love thy name be joyful in thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 6:5 "For in death there is no remembrance of thee: in the grave who shall give thee thanks?"
Aspect22, Psalm 7:11 "God judgeth the righteous, and God is angry with the wicked every day."
Aspect22, Psalm 9:1 "I will praise thee, O LORD, with my whole heart; I will shew forth all thy marvellous works."
Aspect22, Psalm 9:2 "I will be glad and rejoice in thee: I will sing praise to thy name, O thou most High."
Aspect22, Psalm 9:10 "And they that know thy name will put their trust in thee: for thou, LORD, hast not forsaken them that seek thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 14:3 "They are all gone aside, they are all together become filthy: there is none that doeth good, no, not one."
Aspect22, Psalm 16:1 "Preserve me, O God: for in thee do I put my trust."
Aspect22, Psalm 17:7 "Shew thy marvellous lovingkindness, O thou that savest by thy right hand them which put their trust in thee from those that rise up against them."
Aspect22, Psalm 18:29 "For by thee I have run through a troop; and by my God have I leaped over a wall."
Aspect22, Psalm 20:1 "The LORD hear thee in the day of trouble; the name of the God of Jacob defend thee;"
Aspect22, Psalm 20:2 "Send thee help from the sanctuary, and strengthen thee out of Zion;"
Aspect22, Psalm 20:4 "Grant thee according to thine own heart, and fulfil all thy counsel."
Aspect22, Psalm 21:4 "He asked life of thee, and thou gavest it him, even length of days for ever and ever."
Aspect22, Psalm 21:8 "Thine hand shall find out all thine enemies: thy right hand shall find out those that hate thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 21:11 "For they intended evil against thee: they imagined a mischievous device, which they are not able to perform."
Aspect22, Psalm 22:4 "Our fathers trusted in thee: they trusted, and thou didst deliver them."
Aspect22, Psalm 22:5 "They cried unto thee, and were delivered: they trusted in thee, and were not confounded."
Aspect22, Psalm 22:19 "But be not thou far from me, O LORD: O my strength, haste thee to help me."
Aspect22, Psalm 22:22 "I will declare thy name unto my brethren: in the midst of the congregation will I praise thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 22:25 "My praise shall be of thee in the great congregation: I will pay my vows before them that fear him."
Aspect22, Psalm 22:27 "All the ends of the world shall remember and turn unto the LORD: and all the kindreds of the nations shall worship before thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 25:2 "O my God, I trust in thee: let me not be ashamed, let not mine enemies triumph over me."
Aspect22, Psalm 25:3 "Yea, let none that wait on thee be ashamed: let them be ashamed which transgress without cause."
Aspect22, Psalm 25:5 "Lead me in thy truth, and teach me: for thou art the God of my salvation; on thee do I wait all the day."
Aspect22, Psalm 25:16 "Turn thee unto me, and have mercy upon me; for I am desolate and afflicted."
Aspect22, Psalm 25:20 "O keep my soul, and deliver me: let me not be ashamed; for I put my trust in thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 25:21 "Let integrity and uprightness preserve me; for I wait on thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 25:22 "Redeem Israel, O God, out of all his troubles."
Aspect22, Psalm 28:2 "Hear the voice of my supplications, when I cry unto thee, when I lift up my hands toward thy holy oracle."
Aspect22, Psalm 30:9 "What profit is there in my blood, when I go down to the pit? Shall the dust praise thee? shall it declare thy truth?"
Aspect22, Psalm 30:12 "To the end that my glory may sing praise to thee, and not be silent. O LORD my God, I will give thanks unto thee for ever."
Aspect22, Psalm 31:1 "In thee, O LORD, do I put my trust; let me never be ashamed: deliver me in thy righteousness."
Aspect22, Psalm 32:8 "I will instruct thee and teach thee in the way which thou shalt go: I will guide thee with mine eye."
Aspect22, Psalm 35:18 "I will give thee thanks in the great congregation: I will praise thee among much people."
Aspect22, Psalm 36:9 "For with thee is the fountain of life: in thy light shall we see light."
Aspect22, Psalm 36:10 "O continue thy lovingkindness unto them that know thee; and thy righteousness to the upright in heart."
Aspect22, Psalm 38:9 "Lord, all my desire is before thee; and my groaning is not hid from thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 39:5 "Behold, thou hast made my days as an handbreadth; and mine age is as nothing before thee: verily every man at his best state is altogether vanity. Selah."
Aspect22, Psalm 40:16 "Let all those that seek thee rejoice and be glad in thee: let such as love thy salvation say continually, The LORD be magnified."
Aspect22, Psalm 42:1 "As the hart panteth after the water brooks, so panteth my soul after thee, O God."
Aspect22, Psalm 44:5 "Through thee will we push down our enemies: through thy name will we tread them under that rise up against us."
Aspect22, Psalm 44:8 "In God we boast all the day long, and praise thy name for ever. Selah."
Aspect22, Psalm 44:17 "All this is come upon us; yet have we not forgotten thee, neither have we dealt falsely in thy covenant."
Aspect22, Psalm 44:18 "Our heart is not turned back, neither have our steps declined from thy way;"
Aspect22, Psalm 44:20 "If we have forgotten the name of our God, or stretched out our hands to a strange god;"
Aspect22, Psalm 44:26 "Arise for our help, and redeem us for thy mercies' sake."
Aspect22, Psalm 45:4 "And in thy majesty ride prosperously because of truth and meekness and righteousness; and thy right hand shall teach thee terrible things."
Aspect22, Psalm 45:5 "Thine arrows are sharp in the heart of the king's enemies; whereby the people fall under thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 45:8 "All thy garments smell of myrrh, and aloes, and cassia, out of the ivory palaces, whereby they have made thee glad."
Aspect22, Psalm 45:16 "Instead of thy fathers shall be thy children, whom thou mayest make princes in all the earth."
Aspect22, Psalm 45:17 "I will make thy name to be remembered in all generations: therefore shall the people praise thee for ever and ever."
Aspect22, Psalm 46:2 "Therefore will not we fear, though the earth be removed, and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea;"
Aspect22, Psalm 49:9 "That he should still live for ever, and not see corruption."
Aspect22, Psalm 50:4 "He shall call to the heavens from above, and to the earth, that he may judge his people."
Aspect22, Psalm 50:8 "I will not reprove thee for thy sacrifices or thy burnt offerings, to have been continually before me."
Aspect22, Psalm 50:12 "If I were hungry, I would not tell thee: for the world is mine, and the fulness thereof."
Aspect22, Psalm 50:15 "And call upon me in the day of trouble: I will deliver thee, and thou shalt glorify me."
Aspect22, Psalm 51:10 "Create in me a clean heart, O God; and renew a right spirit within me."
Aspect22, Psalm 51:13 "Then will I teach transgressors thy ways; and sinners shall be converted unto thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 52:5 "God shall likewise destroy thee for ever, he shall take thee away, and pluck thee out of thy dwelling place, and root thee out of the land of the living. Selah."
Aspect22, Psalm 52:9 "I will praise thee for ever, because thou hast done it: and I will wait on thy name; for it is good before thy saints."
Aspect22, Psalm 53:3 "Every one of them is gone back: they are altogether become filthy; there is none that doeth good, no, not one."
Aspect22, Psalm 56:3 "What time I am afraid, I will trust in thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 56:5 "Every day they wrest my words: all their thoughts are against me for evil."
Aspect22, Psalm 56:9 "When I cry unto thee, then shall mine enemies turn back: this I know; for God is for me."
Aspect22, Psalm 56:12 "Thy vows are upon me, O God: I will render praises unto thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 57:9 "I will praise thee, O Lord, among the people: I will sing unto thee among the nations."
Aspect22, Psalm 59:9 "Because of his strength will I wait upon thee: for God is my defence."
Aspect22, Psalm 59:17 "Unto thee, O my strength, will I sing: for God is my defence, and the God of my mercy."
Aspect22, Psalm 60:4 "Thou hast given a banner to them that fear thee, that it may be displayed because of the truth. Selah."
Aspect22, Psalm 61:2 "From the end of the earth will I cry unto thee, when my heart is overwhelmed: lead me to the rock that is higher than I."
Aspect22, Psalm 63:1 "O God, thou art my God; early will I seek thee: my soul thirsteth for thee, my flesh longeth for thee in a dry and thirsty land, where no water is;"
Aspect22, Psalm 63:2 "To see thy power and thy glory, so as I have seen thee in the sanctuary."
Aspect22, Psalm 63:3 "Because thy lovingkindness is better than life, my lips shall praise thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 63:4 "Thus will I bless thee while I live: I will lift up my hands in thy name."
Aspect22, Psalm 63:6 "When I remember thee upon my bed, and meditate on thee in the night watches."
Aspect22, Psalm 63:8 "My soul followeth hard after thee: thy right hand upholdeth me."
Aspect22, Psalm 65:1 "Praise waiteth for thee, O God, in Sion: and unto thee shall the vow be performed."
Aspect22, Psalm 66:4 "All the earth shall worship thee, and shall sing unto thee; they shall sing to thy name. Selah."
Aspect22, Psalm 66:13 "I will go into thy house with burnt offerings: I will pay thee my vows,"
Aspect22, Psalm 66:15 "I will offer unto thee burnt sacrifices of fatlings, with the incense of rams; I will offer bullocks with goats. Selah."
Aspect22, Psalm 67:2 "That thy way may be known upon earth, thy saving health among all nations."
Aspect22, Psalm 67:3 "Let the people praise thee, O God; let all the people praise thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 67:5 "Let the people praise thee, O God; let all the people praise thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 69:6 "Let not them that wait on thee, O Lord GOD of hosts, be ashamed for my sake: let not those that seek thee be confounded for my sake, O God of Israel."
Aspect22, Psalm 69:34 "Let the heaven and earth praise him, the seas, and every thing that moveth therein."
Aspect22, Psalm 70:4 "Let all those that seek thee rejoice and be glad in thee: and let such as love thy salvation say continually, Let God be magnified."
Aspect22, Psalm 71:1 "In thee, O LORD, do I put my trust: let me never be put to confusion."
Aspect22, Psalm 71:6 "By thee have I been holden up from the womb: thou art he that took me out of my mother's bowels: my praise shall be continually of thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 71:14 "But I will hope continually, and will yet praise thee more and more."
Aspect22, Psalm 71:15 "My mouth shall shew forth thy righteousness and thy salvation all the day; for I know not the numbers thereof."
Aspect22, Psalm 71:19 "Thy righteousness also, O God, is very high, who hast done great things: O God, who is like unto thee!"
Aspect22, Psalm 71:22 "I will also praise thee with the psaltery, even thy truth, O my God: unto thee will I sing with the harp, O thou Holy One of Israel."
Aspect22, Psalm 72:5 "They shall fear thee as long as the sun and moon endure, throughout all generations."
Aspect22, Psalm 72:8 "He shall have dominion also from sea to sea, and from the river unto the ends of the earth."
Aspect22, Psalm 73:1 "Truly God is good to Israel, even to such as are of a clean heart."
Aspect22, Psalm 73:13 "Verily I have cleansed my heart in vain, and washed my hands in innocency."
Aspect22, Psalm 73:14 "For all the day long have I been plagued, and chastened every morning."
Aspect22, Psalm 73:22 "So foolish was I, and ignorant: I was as a beast before thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 73:23 "Nevertheless I am continually with thee: thou hast holden me by my right hand."
Aspect22, Psalm 73:25 "Whom have I in heaven but thee? and there is none upon earth that I desire beside thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 73:27 "For, lo, they that are far from thee shall perish: thou hast destroyed all them that go a whoring from thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 74:16 "The day is thine, the night also is thine: thou hast prepared the light and the sun."
Aspect22, Psalm 74:22 "Arise, O God, plead thine own cause: remember how the foolish man reproacheth thee daily."
Aspect22, Psalm 74:23 "Forget not the voice of thine enemies: the tumult of those that rise up against thee increaseth continually."
Aspect22, Psalm 75:1 "Unto thee, O God, do we give thanks, unto thee do we give thanks: for that thy name is near thy wondrous works declare."
Aspect22, Psalm 75:9 "But I will declare for ever; I will sing praises to the God of Jacob."
Aspect22, Psalm 77:8 "Is his mercy clean gone for ever? doth his promise fail for evermore?"
Aspect22, Psalm 77:16 "The waters saw thee, O God, the waters saw thee; they were afraid: the depths also were troubled."
Aspect22, Psalm 78:28 "And he let it fall in the midst of their camp, round about their habitations."
Aspect22, Psalm 79:6 "Pour out thy wrath upon the heathen that have not known thee, and upon the kingdoms that have not called upon thy name."
Aspect22, Psalm 79:11 "Let the sighing of the prisoner come before thee; according to the greatness of thy power preserve thou those that are appointed to die;"
Aspect22, Psalm 79:13 "So we thy people and sheep of thy pasture will give thee thanks for ever: we will shew forth thy praise to all generations."
Aspect22, Psalm 80:14 "Return, we beseech thee, O God of hosts: look down from heaven, and behold, and visit this vine;"
Aspect22, Psalm 80:18 "So will not we go back from thee: quicken us, and we will call upon thy name."
Aspect22, Psalm 81:7 "Thou calledst in trouble, and I delivered thee; I answered thee in the secret place of thunder: I proved thee at the waters of Meribah. Selah."
Aspect22, Psalm 83:2 "For, lo, thine enemies make a tumult: and they that hate thee have lifted up the head."
Aspect22, Psalm 83:5 "For they have consulted together with one consent: they are confederate against thee:"
Aspect22, Psalm 84:9 "Behold, O God our shield, and look upon the face of thine anointed."
Aspect22, Psalm 85:6 "Wilt thou not revive us again: that thy people may rejoice in thee?"
Aspect22, Psalm 85:11 "Truth shall spring out of the earth; and righteousness shall look down from heaven."
Aspect22, Psalm 86:2 "Preserve my soul; for I am holy: O thou my God, save thy servant that trusteth in thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 86:7 "In the day of my trouble I will call upon thee: for thou wilt answer me."
Aspect22, Psalm 86:14 "O God, the proud are risen against me, and the assemblies of violent men have sought after my soul; and have not set thee before them."
Aspect22, Psalm 87:3 "Glorious things are spoken of thee, O city of God. Selah."
Aspect22, Psalm 87:7 "As well the singers as the players on instruments shall be there: all my springs are in thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 88:1 "O lord God of my salvation, I have cried day and night before thee:"
Aspect22, Psalm 88:2 "Let my prayer come before thee: incline thine ear unto my cry;"
Aspect22, Psalm 88:9 "Mine eye mourneth by reason of affliction: LORD, I have called daily upon thee, I have stretched out my hands unto thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 88:13 "But unto thee have I cried, O LORD; and in the morning shall my prayer prevent thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 89:16 "In thy name shall they rejoice all the day: and in thy righteousness shall they be exalted."
Aspect22, Psalm 89:36 "His seed shall endure for ever, and his throne as the sun before me."
Aspect22, Psalm 90:2 "Before the mountains were brought forth, or ever thou hadst formed the earth and the world, even from everlasting to everlasting, thou art God."
Aspect22, Psalm 90:6 "In the morning it flourisheth, and groweth up; in the evening it is cut down, and withereth."
Aspect22, Psalm 90:8 "Thou hast set our iniquities before thee, our secret sins in the light of thy countenance."
Aspect22, Psalm 90:13 "Return, O LORD, how long? and let it repent thee concerning thy servants."
Aspect22, Psalm 91:3 "Surely he shall deliver thee from the snare of the fowler, and from the noisome pestilence."
Aspect22, Psalm 91:7 "A thousand shall fall at thy side, and ten thousand at thy right hand; but it shall not come nigh thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 91:10 "There shall no evil befall thee, neither shall any plague come nigh thy dwelling."
Aspect22, Psalm 91:11 "For he shall give his angels charge over thee, to keep thee in all thy ways."
Aspect22, Psalm 91:12 "They shall bear thee up in their hands, lest thou dash thy foot against a stone."
Aspect22, Psalm 92:2 "To shew forth thy lovingkindness in the morning, and thy faithfulness every night,"
Aspect22, Psalm 94:20 "Shall the throne of iniquity have fellowship with thee, which frameth mischief by a law?"
Aspect22, Psalm 95:5 "The sea is his, and he made it: and his hands formed the dry land."
Aspect22, Psalm 96:2 "Sing unto the LORD, bless his name; shew forth his salvation from day to day."
Aspect22, Psalm 96:11 "Let the heavens rejoice, and let the earth be glad; let the sea roar, and the fulness thereof."
Aspect22, Psalm 102:28 "The children of thy servants shall continue, and their seed shall be established before thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 103:4 "Who redeemeth thy life from destruction; who crowneth thee with lovingkindness and tender mercies;"
Aspect22, Psalm 103:11 "For as the heaven is high above the earth, so great is his mercy toward them that fear him."
Aspect22, Psalm 104:5 "Who laid the foundations of the earth, that it should not be removed for ever."
Aspect22, Psalm 104:27 "These wait all upon thee; that thou mayest give them their meat in due season."
Aspect22, Psalm 105:11 "Saying, Unto thee will I give the land of Canaan, the lot of your inheritance:"
Aspect22, Psalm 105:18 "Whose feet they hurt with fetters: he was laid in iron:"
Aspect22, Psalm 105:25 "He turned their heart to hate his people, to deal subtilly with his servants."
Aspect22, Psalm 107:3 "And gathered them out of the lands, from the east, and from the west, from the north, and from the south."
Aspect22, Psalm 108:3 "I will praise thee, O LORD, among the people: and I will sing praises unto thee among the nations."
Aspect22, Psalm 111:3 "His work is honourable and glorious: and his righteousness endureth for ever."
Aspect22, Psalm 119:6 "Then shall I not be ashamed, when I have respect unto all thy commandments."
Aspect22, Psalm 119:7 "I will praise thee with uprightness of heart, when I shall have learned thy righteous judgments."
Aspect22, Psalm 119:10 "With my whole heart have I sought thee: O let me not wander from thy commandments."
Aspect22, Psalm 119:11 "Thy word have I hid in mine heart, that I might not sin against thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 119:29 "Remove from me the way of lying: and grant me thy law graciously."
Aspect22, Psalm 119:44 "So shall I keep thy law continually for ever and ever."
Aspect22, Psalm 119:63 "I am a companion of all them that fear thee, and of them that keep thy precepts."
Aspect22, Psalm 119:74 "They that fear thee will be glad when they see me; because I have hoped in thy word."
Aspect22, Psalm 119:76 "Let, I pray thee, thy merciful kindness be for my comfort, according to thy word unto thy servant."
Aspect22, Psalm 119:79 "Let those that fear thee turn unto me, and those that have known thy testimonies."
Aspect22, Psalm 119:87 "They had almost consumed me upon earth; but I forsook not thy precepts."
Aspect22, Psalm 119:91 "They continue this day according to thine ordinances: for all are thy servants."
Aspect22, Psalm 119:101 "I have refrained my feet from every evil way, that I might keep thy word."
Aspect22, Psalm 119:117 "Hold thou me up, and I shall be safe: and I will have respect unto thy statutes continually."
Aspect22, Psalm 119:120 "My flesh trembleth for fear of thee; and I am afraid of thy judgments."
Aspect22, Psalm 119:146 "I cried unto thee; save me, and I shall keep thy testimonies."
Aspect22, Psalm 119:168 "I have kept thy precepts and thy testimonies: for all my ways are before thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 119:175 "Let my soul live, and it shall praise thee; and let thy judgments help me."
Aspect22, Psalm 121:3 "He will not suffer thy foot to be moved: he that keepeth thee will not slumber."
Aspect22, Psalm 121:6 "The sun shall not smite thee by day, nor the moon by night."
Aspect22, Psalm 122:6 "Pray for the peace of Jerusalem: they shall prosper that love thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 130:4 "But there is forgiveness with thee, that thou mayest be feared."
Aspect22, Psalm 135:9 "Who sent tokens and wonders into the midst of thee, O Egypt, upon Pharaoh, and upon all his servants."
Aspect22, Psalm 136:6 "To him that stretched out the earth above the waters: for his mercy endureth for ever."
Aspect22, Psalm 136:8 "The sun to rule by day: for his mercy endureth for ever:"
Aspect22, Psalm 137:5 "If I forget thee, O Jerusalem, let my right hand forget her cunning."
Aspect22, Psalm 138:1 "I will praise thee with my whole heart: before the gods will I sing praise unto thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 139:12 "Yea, the darkness hideth not from thee; but the night shineth as the day: the darkness and the light are both alike to thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 139:14 "I will praise thee; for I am fearfully and wonderfully made: marvellous are thy works; and that my soul knoweth right well."
Aspect22, Psalm 139:15 "My substance was not hid from thee, when I was made in secret, and curiously wrought in the lowest parts of the earth."
Aspect22, Psalm 139:18 "If I should count them, they are more in number than the sand: when I awake, I am still with thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 139:20 "For they speak against thee wickedly, and thine enemies take thy name in vain."
Aspect22, Psalm 139:21 "Do not I hate them, O LORD, that hate thee? and am not I grieved with those that rise up against thee?"
Aspect22, Psalm 140:2 "Which imagine mischiefs in their heart; continually are they gathered together for war."
Aspect22, Psalm 141:2 "Let my prayer be set forth before thee as incense; and the lifting up of my hands as the evening sacrifice."
Aspect22, Psalm 141:8 "But mine eyes are unto thee, O GOD the Lord: in thee is my trust; leave not my soul destitute."
Aspect22, Psalm 142:3 "When my spirit was overwhelmed within me, then thou knewest my path. In the way wherein I walked have they privily laid a snare for me."
Aspect22, Psalm 143:6 "I stretch forth my hands unto thee: my soul thirsteth after thee, as a thirsty land. Selah."
Aspect22, Psalm 143:8 "Cause me to hear thy lovingkindness in the morning; for in thee do I trust: cause me to know the way wherein I should walk; for I lift up my soul unto thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 144:9 "I will sing a new song unto thee, O God: upon a psaltery and an instrument of ten strings will I sing praises unto thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 145:1 "I will extol thee, my God, O king; and I will bless thy name for ever and ever."
Aspect22, Psalm 145:2 "Every day will I bless thee; and I will praise thy name for ever and ever."
Aspect22, Psalm 145:10 "All thy works shall praise thee, O LORD; and thy saints shall bless thee."
Aspect22, Psalm 146:4 "His breath goeth forth, he returneth to his earth; in that very day his thoughts perish."
Aspect22, Psalm 147:14 "He maketh peace in thy borders, and filleth thee with the finest of the wheat."
Aspect22, Psalm 147:15 "He sendeth forth his commandment upon earth: his word runneth very swiftly."
Aspect22, Proverbs 2:11 "Discretion shall preserve thee, understanding shall keep thee:"
Aspect22, Proverbs 2:12 "To deliver thee from the way of the evil man, from the man that speaketh froward things;"
Aspect22, Proverbs 2:13 "Who leave the paths of uprightness, to walk in the ways of darkness;"
Aspect22, Proverbs 2:16 "To deliver thee from the strange woman, even from the stranger which flattereth with her words;"
Aspect22, Proverbs 3:2 "For length of days, and long life, and peace, shall they add to thee."
Aspect22, Proverbs 3:3 "Let not mercy and truth forsake thee: bind them about thy neck; write them upon the table of thine heart:"
Aspect22, Proverbs 3:18 "She is a tree of life to them that lay hold upon her: and happy is every one that retaineth her."
Aspect22, Proverbs 3:29 "Devise not evil against thy neighbour, seeing he dwelleth securely by thee."
Aspect22, Proverbs 3:30 "Strive not with a man without cause, if he have done thee no harm."
Aspect22, Proverbs 4:6 "Forsake her not, and she shall preserve thee: love her, and she shall keep thee."
Aspect22, Proverbs 4:8 "Exalt her, and she shall promote thee: she shall bring thee to honour, when thou dost embrace her."
Aspect22, Proverbs 4:9 "She shall give to thine head an ornament of grace: a crown of glory shall she deliver to thee."
Aspect22, Proverbs 4:11 "I have taught thee in the way of wisdom; I have led thee in right paths."
Aspect22, Proverbs 4:24 "Put away from thee a froward mouth, and perverse lips put far from thee."
Aspect22, Proverbs 4:25 "Let thine eyes look right on, and let thine eyelids look straight before thee."
Aspect22, Proverbs 4:27 "Turn not to the right hand nor to the left: remove thy foot from evil."
Aspect22, Proverbs 5:17 "Let them be only thine own, and not strangers' with thee."
Aspect22, Proverbs 5:19 "Let her be as the loving hind and pleasant roe; let her breasts satisfy thee at all times; and be thou ravished always with her love."
Aspect22, Proverbs 6:14 "Frowardness is in his heart, he deviseth mischief continually; he soweth discord."
Aspect22, Proverbs 6:23 "For the commandment is a lamp; and the law is light; and reproofs of instruction are the way of life:"
Aspect22, Proverbs 6:24 "To keep thee from the evil woman, from the flattery of the tongue of a strange woman."
Aspect22, Proverbs 6:25 "Lust not after her beauty in thine heart; neither let her take thee with her eyelids."
Aspect22, Proverbs 7:5 "That they may keep thee from the strange woman, from the stranger which flattereth with her words."
Aspect22, Proverbs 7:15 "Therefore came I forth to meet thee, diligently to seek thy face, and I have found thee."
Aspect22, Proverbs 8:23 "I was set up from everlasting, from the beginning, or ever the earth was."
Aspect22, Proverbs 9:8 "Reprove not a scorner, lest he hate thee: rebuke a wise man, and he will love thee."
Aspect22, Proverbs 9:17 "Stolen waters are sweet, and bread eaten in secret is pleasant."
Aspect22, Proverbs 13:15 "Good understanding giveth favour: but the way of transgressors is hard."
Aspect22, Proverbs 16:31 "The hoary head is a crown of glory, if it be found in the way of righteousness."
Aspect22, Proverbs 20:20 "Whoso curseth his father or his mother, his lamp shall be put out in obscure darkness."
Aspect22, Proverbs 22:19 "That thy trust may be in the LORD, I have made known to thee this day, even to thee."
Aspect22, Proverbs 22:20 "Have not I written to thee excellent things in counsels and knowledge,"
Aspect22, Proverbs 22:21 "That I might make thee know the certainty of the words of truth; that thou mightest answer the words of truth to them that send unto thee?"
Aspect22, Proverbs 23:7 "For as he thinketh in his heart, so is he: Eat and drink, saith he to thee; but his heart is not with thee."
Aspect22, Proverbs 23:11 "For their redeemer is mighty; he shall plead their cause with thee."
Aspect22, Proverbs 23:22 "Hearken unto thy father that begat thee, and despise not thy mother when she is old."
Aspect22, Proverbs 23:25 "Thy father and thy mother shall be glad, and she that bare thee shall rejoice."
Aspect22, Proverbs 25:8 "Go not forth hastily to strive, lest thou know not what to do in the end thereof, when thy neighbour hath put thee to shame."
Aspect22, Proverbs 25:10 "Lest he that heareth it put thee to shame, and thine infamy turn not away."
Aspect22, Proverbs 25:17 "Withdraw thy foot from thy neighbour's house; lest he be weary of thee, and so hate thee."
Aspect22, Proverbs 28:21 "To have respect of persons is not good: for for a piece of bread that man will transgress."
Aspect22, Proverbs 29:17 "Correct thy son, and he shall give thee rest; yea, he shall give delight unto thy soul."
Aspect22, Proverbs 30:7 "Two things have I required of thee; deny me them not before I die:"
Aspect22, Proverbs 30:10 "Accuse not a servant unto his master, lest he curse thee, and thou be found guilty."
Aspect22, Proverbs 30:19 "The way of an eagle in the air; the way of a serpent upon a rock; the way of a ship in the midst of the sea; and the way of a man with a maid."
Aspect22, Proverbs 30:27 "The locusts have no king, yet go they forth all of them by bands;"
Aspect22, Ecclesiastes 2:17 "Therefore I hated life; because the work that is wrought under the sun is grievous unto me: for all is vanity and vexation of spirit."
Aspect22, Ecclesiastes 5:9 "Moreover the profit of the earth is for all: the king himself is served by the field."
Aspect22, Ecclesiastes 7:26 "And I find more bitter than death the woman, whose heart is snares and nets, and her hands as bands: whoso pleaseth God shall escape from her; but the sinner shall be taken by her."
Aspect22, Ecclesiastes 8:2 "I counsel thee to keep the king's commandment, and that in regard of the oath of God."
Aspect22, Ecclesiastes 8:17 "Then I beheld all the work of God, that a man cannot find out the work that is done under the sun: because though a man labour to seek it out, yet he shall not find it; yea farther; though a wise man think to know it, yet shall he not be able to find it."
Aspect22, Ecclesiastes 10:4 "If the spirit of the ruler rise up against thee, leave not thy place; for yielding pacifieth great offences."
Aspect22, Ecclesiastes 10:16 "Woe to thee, O land, when thy king is a child, and thy princes eat in the morning!"
Aspect22, Ecclesiastes 11:3 "If the clouds be full of rain, they empty themselves upon the earth: and if the tree fall toward the south, or toward the north, in the place where the tree falleth, there it shall be."
Aspect22, Ecclesiastes 11:9 "Rejoice, O young man, in thy youth; and let thy heart cheer thee in the days of thy youth, and walk in the ways of thine heart, and in the sight of thine eyes: but know thou, that for all these things God will bring thee into judgment."
Aspect22, Song of Solomon 1:3 "Because of the savour of thy good ointments thy name is as ointment poured forth, therefore do the virgins love thee."
Aspect22, Song of Solomon 1:4 "Draw me, we will run after thee: the king hath brought me into his chambers: we will be glad and rejoice in thee, we will remember thy love more than wine: the upright love thee."
Aspect22, Song of Solomon 1:6 "Look not upon me, because I am black, because the sun hath looked upon me: my mother's children were angry with me; they made me the keeper of the vineyards; but mine own vineyard have I not kept."
Aspect22, Song of Solomon 1:8 "If thou know not, O thou fairest among women, go thy way forth by the footsteps of the flock, and feed thy kids beside the shepherds' tents."
Aspect22, Song of Solomon 1:9 "I have compared thee, O my love, to a company of horses in Pharaoh's chariots."
Aspect22, Song of Solomon 1:11 "We will make thee borders of gold with studs of silver."
Aspect22, Song of Solomon 2:11 "For, lo, the winter is past, the rain is over and gone;"
Aspect22, Song of Solomon 3:7 "Behold his bed, which is Solomon's; threescore valiant men are about it, of the valiant of Israel."
Aspect22, Song of Solomon 3:11 "Go forth, O ye daughters of Zion, and behold king Solomon with the crown wherewith his mother crowned him in the day of his espousals, and in the day of the gladness of his heart."
Aspect22, Song of Solomon 6:1 "Whither is thy beloved gone, O thou fairest among women? whither is thy beloved turned aside? that we may seek him with thee."
Aspect22, Song of Solomon 6:10 "Who is she that looketh forth as the morning, fair as the moon, clear as the sun, and terrible as an army with banners?"
Aspect22, Song of Solomon 6:13 "Return, return, O Shulamite; return, return, that we may look upon thee. What will ye see in the Shulamite? As it were the company of two armies."
Aspect22, Song of Solomon 7:12 "Let us get up early to the vineyards; let us see if the vine flourish, whether the tender grape appear, and the pomegranates bud forth: there will I give thee my loves."
Aspect22, Song of Solomon 7:13 "The mandrakes give a smell, and at our gates are all manner of pleasant fruits, new and old, which I have laid up for thee, O my beloved."
Aspect22, Song of Solomon 8:1 "O that thou wert as my brother, that sucked the breasts of my mother! when I should find thee without, I would kiss thee; yea, I should not be despised."
Aspect22, Song of Solomon 8:2 "I would lead thee, and bring thee into my mother's house, who would instruct me: I would cause thee to drink of spiced wine of the juice of my pomegranate."
Aspect22, Song of Solomon 8:5 "Who is this that cometh up from the wilderness, leaning upon her beloved? I raised thee up under the apple tree: there thy mother brought thee forth: there she brought thee forth that bare thee."
Aspect22, Song of Solomon 8:11 "Solomon had a vineyard at Baalhamon; he let out the vineyard unto keepers; every one for the fruit thereof was to bring a thousand pieces of silver."
Aspect22, Isaiah 2:15 "And upon every high tower, and upon every fenced wall,"
Aspect22, Isaiah 3:12 "As for my people, children are their oppressors, and women rule over them. O my people, they which lead thee cause thee to err, and destroy the way of thy paths."
Aspect22, Isaiah 5:30 "And in that day they shall roar against them like the roaring of the sea: and if one look unto the land, behold darkness and sorrow, and the light is darkened in the heavens thereof."
Aspect22, Isaiah 6:13 "But yet in it shall be a tenth, and it shall return, and shall be eaten: as a teil tree, and as an oak, whose substance is in them, when they cast their leaves: so the holy seed shall be the substance thereof."
Aspect22, Isaiah 7:11 "Ask thee a sign of the LORD thy God; ask it either in the depth, or in the height above."
Aspect22, Isaiah 7:17 "The LORD shall bring upon thee, and upon thy people, and upon thy father's house, days that have not come, from the day that Ephraim departed from Judah; even the king of Assyria."
Aspect22, Isaiah 9:14 "Therefore the LORD will cut off from Israel head and tail, branch and rush, in one day."
Aspect22, Isaiah 10:22 "For though thy people Israel be as the sand of the sea, yet a remnant of them shall return: the consumption decreed shall overflow with righteousness."
Aspect22, Isaiah 10:24 "Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD of hosts, O my people that dwellest in Zion, be not afraid of the Assyrian: he shall smite thee with a rod, and shall lift up his staff against thee, after the manner of Egypt."
Aspect22, Isaiah 10:34 "And he shall cut down the thickets of the forest with iron, and Lebanon shall fall by a mighty one."
Aspect22, Isaiah 12:6 "Cry out and shout, thou inhabitant of Zion: for great is the Holy One of Israel in the midst of thee."
Aspect22, Isaiah 13:10 "For the stars of heaven and the constellations thereof shall not give their light: the sun shall be darkened in his going forth, and the moon shall not cause her light to shine."
Aspect22, Isaiah 13:15 "Every one that is found shall be thrust through; and every one that is joined unto them shall fall by the sword."
Aspect22, Isaiah 14:9 "Hell from beneath is moved for thee to meet thee at thy coming: it stirreth up the dead for thee, even all the chief ones of the earth; it hath raised up from their thrones all the kings of the nations."
Aspect22, Isaiah 14:11 "Thy pomp is brought down to the grave, and the noise of thy viols: the worm is spread under thee, and the worms cover thee."
Aspect22, Isaiah 14:16 "They that see thee shall narrowly look upon thee, and consider thee, saying, Is this the man that made the earth to tremble, that did shake kingdoms;"
Aspect22, Isaiah 14:29 "Rejoice not thou, whole Palestina, because the rod of him that smote thee is broken: for out of the serpent's root shall come forth a cockatrice, and his fruit shall be a fiery flying serpent."
Aspect22, Isaiah 14:30 "And the firstborn of the poor shall feed, and the needy shall lie down in safety: and I will kill thy root with famine, and he shall slay thy remnant."
Aspect22, Isaiah 15:2 "He is gone up to Bajith, and to Dibon, the high places, to weep: Moab shall howl over Nebo, and over Medeba: on all their heads shall be baldness, and every beard cut off."
Aspect22, Isaiah 16:4 "Let mine outcasts dwell with thee, Moab; be thou a covert to them from the face of the spoiler: for the extortioner is at an end, the spoiler ceaseth, the oppressors are consumed out of the land."
Aspect22, Isaiah 17:7 "At that day shall a man look to his Maker, and his eyes shall have respect to the Holy One of Israel."
Aspect22, Isaiah 19:5 "And the waters shall fail from the sea, and the river shall be wasted and dried up."
Aspect22, Isaiah 19:6 "And they shall turn the rivers far away; and the brooks of defence shall be emptied and dried up: the reeds and flags shall wither."
Aspect22, Isaiah 22:17 "Behold, the LORD will carry thee away with a mighty captivity, and will surely cover thee."
Aspect22, Isaiah 22:19 "And I will drive thee from thy station, and from thy state shall he pull thee down."
Aspect22, Isaiah 24:17 "Fear, and the pit, and the snare, are upon thee, O inhabitant of the earth."
Aspect22, Isaiah 24:19 "The earth is utterly broken down, the earth is clean dissolved, the earth is moved exceedingly."
Aspect22, Isaiah 24:20 "The earth shall reel to and fro like a drunkard, and shall be removed like a cottage; and the transgression thereof shall be heavy upon it; and it shall fall, and not rise again."
Aspect22, Isaiah 25:3 "Therefore shall the strong people glorify thee, the city of the terrible nations shall fear thee."
Aspect22, Isaiah 25:11 "And he shall spread forth his hands in the midst of them, as he that swimmeth spreadeth forth his hands to swim: and he shall bring down their pride together with the spoils of their hands."
Aspect22, Isaiah 26:1 "In that day shall this song be sung in the land of Judah; We have a strong city; salvation will God appoint for walls and bulwarks."
Aspect22, Isaiah 26:3 "Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on thee: because he trusteth in thee."
Aspect22, Isaiah 26:8 "Yea, in the way of thy judgments, O LORD, have we waited for thee; the desire of our soul is to thy name, and to the remembrance of thee."
Aspect22, Isaiah 26:9 "With my soul have I desired thee in the night; yea, with my spirit within me will I seek thee early: for when thy judgments are in the earth, the inhabitants of the world will learn righteousness."
Aspect22, Isaiah 26:13 "O LORD our God, other lords beside thee have had dominion over us: but by thee only will we make mention of thy name."
Aspect22, Isaiah 27:8 "In measure, when it shooteth forth, thou wilt debate with it: he stayeth his rough wind in the day of the east wind."
Aspect22, Isaiah 27:10 "Yet the defenced city shall be desolate, and the habitation forsaken, and left like a wilderness: there shall the calf feed, and there shall he lie down, and consume the branches thereof."
Aspect22, Isaiah 29:3 "And I will camp against thee round about, and will lay siege against thee with a mount, and I will raise forts against thee."
Aspect22, Isaiah 29:12 "And the book is delivered to him that is not learned, saying, Read this, I pray thee: and he saith, I am not learned."
Aspect22, Isaiah 29:23 "But when he seeth his children, the work of mine hands, in the midst of him, they shall sanctify my name, and sanctify the Holy One of Jacob, and shall fear the God of Israel."
Aspect22, Isaiah 30:25 "And there shall be upon every high mountain, and upon every high hill, rivers and streams of waters in the day of the great slaughter, when the towers fall."
Aspect22, Isaiah 31:3 "Now the Egyptians are men, and not God; and their horses flesh, and not spirit. When the LORD shall stretch out his hand, both he that helpeth shall fall, and he that is holpen shall fall down, and they all shall fail together."
Aspect22, Isaiah 34:10 "It shall not be quenched night nor day; the smoke thereof shall go up for ever: from generation to generation it shall lie waste; none shall pass through it for ever and ever."
Aspect22, Isaiah 35:8 "And an highway shall be there, and a way, and it shall be called The way of holiness; the unclean shall not pass over it; but it shall be for those: the wayfaring men, though fools, shall not err therein."
Aspect22, Isaiah 36:8 "Now therefore give pledges, I pray thee, to my master the king of Assyria, and I will give thee two thousand horses, if thou be able on thy part to set riders upon them."
Aspect22, Isaiah 36:16 "Hearken not to Hezekiah: for thus saith the king of Assyria, Make an agreement with me by a present, and come out to me: and eat ye every one of his vine, and every one of his fig tree, and drink ye every one the waters of his own cistern;"
Aspect22, Isaiah 37:3 "And they said unto him, Thus saith Hezekiah, This day is a day of trouble, and of rebuke, and of blasphemy: for the children are come to the birth, and there is not strength to bring forth."
Aspect22, Isaiah 37:8 "So Rabshakeh returned, and found the king of Assyria warring against Libnah: for he had heard that he was departed from Lachish."
Aspect22, Isaiah 37:9 "And he heard say concerning Tirhakah king of Ethiopia, He is come forth to make war with thee. And when he heard it, he sent messengers to Hezekiah, saying,"
Aspect22, Isaiah 38:3 "And said, Remember now, O LORD, I beseech thee, how I have walked before thee in truth and with a perfect heart, and have done that which is good in thy sight. And Hezekiah wept sore."
Aspect22, Isaiah 38:6 "And I will deliver thee and this city out of the hand of the king of Assyria: and I will defend this city."
Aspect22, Isaiah 38:18 "For the grave cannot praise thee, death can not celebrate thee: they that go down into the pit cannot hope for thy truth."
Aspect22, Isaiah 38:19 "The living, the living, he shall praise thee, as I do this day: the father to the children shall make known thy truth."
Aspect22, Isaiah 40:9 "O Zion, that bringest good tidings, get thee up into the high mountain; O Jerusalem, that bringest good tidings, lift up thy voice with strength; lift it up, be not afraid; say unto the cities of Judah, Behold your God!"
Aspect22, Isaiah 40:11 "He shall feed his flock like a shepherd: he shall gather the lambs with his arm, and carry them in his bosom, and shall gently lead those that are with young."
Aspect22, Isaiah 41:9 "Thou whom I have taken from the ends of the earth, and called thee from the chief men thereof, and said unto thee, Thou art my servant; I have chosen thee, and not cast thee away."
Aspect22, Isaiah 41:10 "Fear thou not; for I am with thee: be not dismayed; for I am thy God: I will strengthen thee; yea, I will help thee; yea, I will uphold thee with the right hand of my righteousness."
Aspect22, Isaiah 41:11 "Behold, all they that were incensed against thee shall be ashamed and confounded: they shall be as nothing; and they that strive with thee shall perish."
Aspect22, Isaiah 41:13 "For I the LORD thy God will hold thy right hand, saying unto thee, Fear not; I will help thee."
Aspect22, Isaiah 41:14 "Fear not, thou worm Jacob, and ye men of Israel; I will help thee, saith the LORD, and thy redeemer, the Holy One of Israel."
Aspect22, Isaiah 41:19 "I will plant in the wilderness the cedar, the shittah tree, and the myrtle, and the oil tree; I will set in the desert the fir tree, and the pine, and the box tree together:"
Aspect22, Isaiah 42:6 "I the LORD have called thee in righteousness, and will hold thine hand, and will keep thee, and give thee for a covenant of the people, for a light of the Gentiles;"
Aspect22, Isaiah 43:1 "But now thus saith the LORD that created thee, O Jacob, and he that formed thee, O Israel, Fear not: for I have redeemed thee, I have called thee by thy name; thou art mine."
Aspect22, Isaiah 43:3 "For I am the LORD thy God, the Holy One of Israel, thy Saviour: I gave Egypt for thy ransom, Ethiopia and Seba for thee."
Aspect22, Isaiah 43:5 "Fear not: for I am with thee: I will bring thy seed from the east, and gather thee from the west;"
Aspect22, Isaiah 43:7 "Even every one that is called by my name: for I have created him for my glory, I have formed him; yea, I have made him."
Aspect22, Isaiah 44:2 "Thus saith the LORD that made thee, and formed thee from the womb, which will help thee; Fear not, O Jacob, my servant; and thou, Jesurun, whom I have chosen."
Aspect22, Isaiah 45:2 "I will go before thee, and make the crooked places straight: I will break in pieces the gates of brass, and cut in sunder the bars of iron:"
Aspect22, Isaiah 45:3 "And I will give thee the treasures of darkness, and hidden riches of secret places, that thou mayest know that I, the LORD, which call thee by thy name, am the God of Israel."
Aspect22, Isaiah 45:4 "For Jacob my servant's sake, and Israel mine elect, I have even called thee by thy name: I have surnamed thee, though thou hast not known me."
Aspect22, Isaiah 45:12 "I have made the earth, and created man upon it: I, even my hands, have stretched out the heavens, and all their host have I commanded."
Aspect22, Isaiah 45:14 "Thus saith the LORD, The labour of Egypt, and merchandise of Ethiopia and of the Sabeans, men of stature, shall come over unto thee, and they shall be thine: they shall come after thee; in chains they shall come over, and they shall fall down unto thee, they shall make supplication unto thee, saying, Surely God is in thee; and there is none else, there is no God."
Aspect22, Isaiah 47:3 "Thy nakedness shall be uncovered, yea, thy shame shall be seen: I will take vengeance, and I will not meet thee as a man."
Aspect22, Isaiah 47:9 "But these two things shall come to thee in a moment in one day, the loss of children, and widowhood: they shall come upon thee in their perfection for the multitude of thy sorceries, and for the great abundance of thine enchantments."
Aspect22, Isaiah 47:13 "Thou art wearied in the multitude of thy counsels. Let now the astrologers, the stargazers, the monthly prognosticators, stand up, and save thee from these things that shall come upon thee."
Aspect22, Isaiah 47:15 "Thus shall they be unto thee with whom thou hast laboured, even thy merchants, from thy youth: they shall wander every one to his quarter; none shall save thee."
Aspect22, Isaiah 48:9 "For my name's sake will I defer mine anger, and for my praise will I refrain for thee, that I cut thee not off."
Aspect22, Isaiah 48:10 "Behold, I have refined thee, but not with silver; I have chosen thee in the furnace of affliction."
Aspect22, Isaiah 49:8 "Thus saith the LORD, In an acceptable time have I heard thee, and in a day of salvation have I helped thee: and I will preserve thee, and give thee for a covenant of the people, to establish the earth, to cause to inherit the desolate heritages;"
Aspect22, Isaiah 49:16 "Behold, I have graven thee upon the palms of my hands; thy walls are continually before me."
Aspect22, Isaiah 49:17 "Thy children shall make haste; thy destroyers and they that made thee waste shall go forth of thee."
Aspect22, Isaiah 49:18 "Lift up thine eyes round about, and behold: all these gather themselves together, and come to thee. As I live, saith the LORD, thou shalt surely clothe thee with them all, as with an ornament, and bind them on thee, as a bride doeth."
Aspect22, Isaiah 49:19 "For thy waste and thy desolate places, and the land of thy destruction, shall even now be too narrow by reason of the inhabitants, and they that swallowed thee up shall be far away."
Aspect22, Isaiah 51:19 "These two things are come unto thee; who shall be sorry for thee? desolation, and destruction, and the famine, and the sword: by whom shall I comfort thee?"
Aspect22, Isaiah 52:14 "As many were astonied at thee; his visage was so marred more than any man, and his form more than the sons of men:"
Aspect22, Isaiah 54:7 "For a small moment have I forsaken thee; but with great mercies will I gather thee."
Aspect22, Isaiah 54:8 "In a little wrath I hid my face from thee for a moment; but with everlasting kindness will I have mercy on thee, saith the LORD thy Redeemer."
Aspect22, Isaiah 54:9 "For this is as the waters of Noah unto me: for as I have sworn that the waters of Noah should no more go over the earth; so have I sworn that I would not be wroth with thee, nor rebuke thee."
Aspect22, Isaiah 54:10 "For the mountains shall depart, and the hills be removed; but my kindness shall not depart from thee, neither shall the covenant of my peace be removed, saith the LORD that hath mercy on thee."
Aspect22, Isaiah 54:12 "And I will make thy windows of agates, and thy gates of carbuncles, and all thy borders of pleasant stones."
Aspect22, Isaiah 54:15 "Behold, they shall surely gather together, but not by me: whosoever shall gather together against thee shall fall for thy sake."
Aspect22, Isaiah 54:16 "Behold, I have created the smith that bloweth the coals in the fire, and that bringeth forth an instrument for his work; and I have created the waster to destroy."
Aspect22, Isaiah 54:17 "No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper; and every tongue that shall rise against thee in judgment thou shalt condemn. This is the heritage of the servants of the LORD, and their righteousness is of me, saith the LORD."
Aspect22, Isaiah 56:11 "Yea, they are greedy dogs which can never have enough, and they are shepherds that cannot understand: they all look to their own way, every one for his gain, from his quarter."
Aspect22, Isaiah 57:12 "I will declare thy righteousness, and thy works; for they shall not profit thee."
Aspect22, Isaiah 58:8 "Then shall thy light break forth as the morning, and thine health shall spring forth speedily: and thy righteousness shall go before thee; the glory of the LORD shall be thy rereward."
Aspect22, Isaiah 59:12 "For our transgressions are multiplied before thee, and our sins testify against us: for our transgressions are with us; and as for our iniquities, we know them;"
Aspect22, Isaiah 60:4 "Lift up thine eyes round about, and see: all they gather themselves together, they come to thee: thy sons shall come from far, and thy daughters shall be nursed at thy side."
Aspect22, Isaiah 60:5 "Then thou shalt see, and flow together, and thine heart shall fear, and be enlarged; because the abundance of the sea shall be converted unto thee, the forces of the Gentiles shall come unto thee."
Aspect22, Isaiah 60:7 "All the flocks of Kedar shall be gathered together unto thee, the rams of Nebaioth shall minister unto thee: they shall come up with acceptance on mine altar, and I will glorify the house of my glory."
Aspect22, Isaiah 60:10 "And the sons of strangers shall build up thy walls, and their kings shall minister unto thee: for in my wrath I smote thee, but in my favour have I had mercy on thee."
Aspect22, Isaiah 60:11 "Therefore thy gates shall be open continually; they shall not be shut day nor night; that men may bring unto thee the forces of the Gentiles, and that their kings may be brought."
Aspect22, Isaiah 60:12 "For the nation and kingdom that will not serve thee shall perish; yea, those nations shall be utterly wasted."
Aspect22, Isaiah 60:13 "The glory of Lebanon shall come unto thee, the fir tree, the pine tree, and the box together, to beautify the place of my sanctuary; and I will make the place of my feet glorious."
Aspect22, Isaiah 60:14 "The sons also of them that afflicted thee shall come bending unto thee; and all they that despised thee shall bow themselves down at the soles of thy feet; and they shall call thee; The city of the LORD, The Zion of the Holy One of Israel."
Aspect22, Isaiah 60:15 "Whereas thou has been forsaken and hated, so that no man went through thee, I will make thee an eternal excellency, a joy of many generations."
Aspect22, Isaiah 60:19 "The sun shall be no more thy light by day; neither for brightness shall the moon give light unto thee: but the LORD shall be unto thee an everlasting light, and thy God thy glory."
Aspect22, Isaiah 61:11 "For as the earth bringeth forth her bud, and as the garden causeth the things that are sown in it to spring forth; so the Lord GOD will cause righteousness and praise to spring forth before all the nations."
Aspect22, Isaiah 62:5 "For as a young man marrieth a virgin, so shall thy sons marry thee: and as the bridegroom rejoiceth over the bride, so shall thy God rejoice over thee."
Aspect22, Isaiah 64:7 "And there is none that calleth upon thy name, that stirreth up himself to take hold of thee: for thou hast hid thy face from us, and hast consumed us, because of our iniquities."
Aspect22, Isaiah 64:9 "Be not wroth very sore, O LORD, neither remember iniquity for ever: behold, see, we beseech thee, we are all thy people."
Aspect22, Isaiah 65:2 "I have spread out my hands all the day unto a rebellious people, which walketh in a way that was not good, after their own thoughts;"
Aspect22, Isaiah 65:15 "And ye shall leave your name for a curse unto my chosen: for the Lord GOD shall slay thee, and call his servants by another name:"
Aspect22, Isaiah 65:17 "For, behold, I create new heavens and a new earth: and the former shall not be remembered, nor come into mind."
Aspect22, Isaiah 66:8 "Who hath heard such a thing? who hath seen such things? Shall the earth be made to bring forth in one day? or shall a nation be born at once? for as soon as Zion travailed, she brought forth her children."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 1:5 "Before I formed thee in the belly I knew thee; and before thou camest forth out of the womb I sanctified thee, and I ordained thee a prophet unto the nations."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 1:8 "Be not afraid of their faces: for I am with thee to deliver thee, saith the LORD."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 1:10 "See, I have this day set thee over the nations and over the kingdoms, to root out, and to pull down, and to destroy, and to throw down, to build, and to plant."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 1:17 "Thou therefore gird up thy loins, and arise, and speak unto them all that I command thee: be not dismayed at their faces, lest I confound thee before them."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 1:18 "For, behold, I have made thee this day a defenced city, and an iron pillar, and brasen walls against the whole land, against the kings of Judah, against the princes thereof, against the priests thereof, and against the people of the land."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 1:19 "And they shall fight against thee; but they shall not prevail against thee; for I am with thee, saith the LORD, to deliver thee."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 2:19 "Thine own wickedness shall correct thee, and thy backslidings shall reprove thee: know therefore and see that it is an evil thing and bitter, that thou hast forsaken the LORD thy God, and that my fear is not in thee, saith the Lord GOD of hosts."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 2:21 "Yet I had planted thee a noble vine, wholly a right seed: how then art thou turned into the degenerate plant of a strange vine unto me?"
Aspect22, Jeremiah 2:22 "For though thou wash thee with nitre, and take thee much soap, yet thine iniquity is marked before me, saith the Lord GOD."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 2:28 "But where are thy gods that thou hast made thee? let them arise, if they can save thee in the time of thy trouble: for according to the number of thy cities are thy gods, O Judah."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 3:19 "But I said, How shall I put thee among the children, and give thee a pleasant land, a goodly heritage of the hosts of nations? and I said, Thou shalt call me, My father; and shalt not turn away from me."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 4:18 "Thy way and thy doings have procured these things unto thee; this is thy wickedness, because it is bitter, because it reacheth unto thine heart."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 4:28 "For this shall the earth mourn, and the heavens above be black; because I have spoken it, I have purposed it, and will not repent, neither will I turn back from it."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 6:3 "The shepherds with their flocks shall come unto her; they shall pitch their tents against her round about; they shall feed every one in his place."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 6:8 "Be thou instructed, O Jerusalem, lest my soul depart from thee; lest I make thee desolate, a land not inhabited."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 6:23 "They shall lay hold on bow and spear; they are cruel, and have no mercy; their voice roareth like the sea; and they ride upon horses, set in array as men for war against thee, O daughter of Zion."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 6:25 "Go not forth into the field, nor walk by the way; for the sword of the enemy and fear is on every side."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 6:27 "I have set thee for a tower and a fortress among my people, that thou mayest know and try their way."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 10:7 "Who would not fear thee, O King of nations? for to thee doth it appertain: forasmuch as among all the wise men of the nations, and in all their kingdoms, there is none like unto thee."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 10:14 "Every man is brutish in his knowledge: every founder is confounded by the graven image: for his molten image is falsehood, and there is no breath in them."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 10:25 "Pour out thy fury upon the heathen that know thee not, and upon the families that call not on thy name: for they have eaten up Jacob, and devoured him, and consumed him, and have made his habitation desolate."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 11:4 "Which I commanded your fathers in the day that I brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, from the iron furnace, saying, Obey my voice, and do them, according to all which I command you: so shall ye be my people, and I will be your God:"
Aspect22, Jeremiah 11:7 "For I earnestly protested unto your fathers in the day that I brought them up out of the land of Egypt, even unto this day, rising early and protesting, saying, Obey my voice."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 11:8 "Yet they obeyed not, nor inclined their ear, but walked every one in the imagination of their evil heart: therefore I will bring upon them all the words of this covenant, which I commanded them to do: but they did them not."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 13:20 "Lift up your eyes, and behold them that come from the north: where is the flock that was given thee, thy beautiful flock?"
Aspect22, Jeremiah 13:21 "What wilt thou say when he shall punish thee? for thou hast taught them to be captains, and as chief over thee: shall not sorrows take thee, as a woman in travail?"
Aspect22, Jeremiah 13:27 "I have seen thine adulteries, and thy neighings, the lewdness of thy whoredom, and thine abominations on the hills in the fields. Woe unto thee, O Jerusalem! wilt thou not be made clean? when shall it once be?"
Aspect22, Jeremiah 15:5 "For who shall have pity upon thee, O Jerusalem? or who shall bemoan thee? or who shall go aside to ask how thou doest?"
Aspect22, Jeremiah 15:20 "And I will make thee unto this people a fenced brasen wall: and they shall fight against thee, but they shall not prevail against thee: for I am with thee to save thee and to deliver thee, saith the LORD."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 15:21 "And I will deliver thee out of the hand of the wicked, and I will redeem thee out of the hand of the terrible."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 16:19 "O LORD, my strength, and my fortress, and my refuge in the day of affliction, the Gentiles shall come unto thee from the ends of the earth, and shall say, Surely our fathers have inherited lies, vanity, and things wherein there is no profit."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 17:16 "As for me, I have not hastened from being a pastor to follow thee: neither have I desired the woeful day; thou knowest: that which came out of my lips was right before thee."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 17:18 "Let them be confounded that persecute me, but let not me be confounded: let them be dismayed, but let not me be dismayed: bring upon them the day of evil, and destroy them with double destruction."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 18:9 "And at what instant I shall speak concerning a nation, and concerning a kingdom, to build and to plant it;"
Aspect22, Jeremiah 18:17 "I will scatter them as with an east wind before the enemy; I will shew them the back, and not the face, in the day of their calamity."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 19:2 "And go forth unto the valley of the son of Hinnom, which is by the entry of the east gate, and proclaim there the words that I shall tell thee,"
Aspect22, Jeremiah 20:15 "Cursed be the man who brought tidings to my father, saying, A man child is born unto thee; making him very glad."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 22:7 "And I will prepare destroyers against thee, every one with his weapons: and they shall cut down thy choice cedars, and cast them into the fire."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 23:27 "Which think to cause my people to forget my name by their dreams which they tell every man to his neighbour, as their fathers have forgotten my name for Baal."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 25:35 "And the shepherds shall have no way to flee, nor the principal of the flock to escape."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 28:8 "The prophets that have been before me and before thee of old prophesied both against many countries, and against great kingdoms, of war, and of evil, and of pestilence."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 30:2 "Thus speaketh the LORD God of Israel, saying, Write thee all the words that I have spoken unto thee in a book."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 30:10 "Therefore fear thou not, O my servant Jacob, saith the LORD; neither be dismayed, O Israel: for, lo, I will save thee from afar, and thy seed from the land of their captivity; and Jacob shall return, and shall be in rest, and be quiet, and none shall make him afraid."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 30:11 "For I am with thee, saith the LORD, to save thee: though I make a full end of all nations whither I have scattered thee, yet I will not make a full end of thee: but I will correct thee in measure, and will not leave thee altogether unpunished."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 30:14 "All thy lovers have forgotten thee; they seek thee not; for I have wounded thee with the wound of an enemy, with the chastisement of a cruel one, for the multitude of thine iniquity; because thy sins were increased."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 30:15 "Why criest thou for thine affliction? thy sorrow is incurable for the multitude of thine iniquity: because thy sins were increased, I have done these things unto thee."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 30:16 "Therefore all they that devour thee shall be devoured; and all thine adversaries, every one of them, shall go into captivity; and they that spoil thee shall be a spoil, and all that prey upon thee will I give for a prey."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 30:17 "For I will restore health unto thee, and I will heal thee of thy wounds, saith the LORD; because they called thee an Outcast, saying, This is Zion, whom no man seeketh after."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 30:23 "Behold, the whirlwind of the LORD goeth forth with fury, a continuing whirlwind: it shall fall with pain upon the head of the wicked."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 31:3 "The LORD hath appeared of old unto me, saying, Yea, I have loved thee with an everlasting love: therefore with lovingkindness have I drawn thee."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 31:9 "They shall come with weeping, and with supplications will I lead them: I will cause them to walk by the rivers of waters in a straight way, wherein they shall not stumble: for I am a father to Israel, and Ephraim is my firstborn."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 31:21 "Set thee up waymarks, make thee high heaps: set thine heart toward the highway, even the way which thou wentest: turn again, O virgin of Israel, turn again to these thy cities."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 32:7 "Behold, Hanameel the son of Shallum thine uncle shall come unto thee saying, Buy thee my field that is in Anathoth: for the right of redemption is thine to buy it."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 32:20 "Which hast set signs and wonders in the land of Egypt, even unto this day, and in Israel, and among other men; and hast made thee a name, as at this day;"
Aspect22, Jeremiah 32:39 "And I will give them one heart, and one way, that they may fear me for ever, for the good of them, and of their children after them:"
Aspect22, Jeremiah 33:3 "Call unto me, and I will answer thee, and shew thee great and mighty things, which thou knowest not."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 34:14 "At the end of seven years let ye go every man his brother an Hebrew, which hath been sold unto thee; and when he hath served thee six years, thou shalt let him go free from thee: but your fathers hearkened not unto me, neither inclined their ear."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 36:2 "Take thee a roll of a book, and write therein all the words that I have spoken unto thee against Israel, and against Judah, and against all the nations, from the day I spake unto thee, from the days of Josiah, even unto this day."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 36:28 "Take thee again another roll, and write in it all the former words that were in the first roll, which Jehoiakim the king of Judah hath burned."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 37:18 "Moreover Jeremiah said unto king Zedekiah, What have I offended against thee, or against thy servants, or against this people, that ye have put me in prison?"
Aspect22, Jeremiah 37:20 "Therefore hear now, I pray thee, O my lord the king: let my supplication, I pray thee, be accepted before thee; that thou cause me not to return to the house of Jonathan the scribe, lest I die there."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 38:4 "Therefore the princes said unto the king, We beseech thee, let this man be put to death: for thus he weakeneth the hands of the men of war that remain in this city, and the hands of all the people, in speaking such words unto them: for this man seeketh not the welfare of this people, but the hurt."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 38:8 "Ebedmelech went forth out of the king's house, and spake to the king saying,"
Aspect22, Jeremiah 38:16 "So Zedekiah the king sware secretly unto Jeremiah, saying, As the LORD liveth, that made us this soul, I will not put thee to death, neither will I give thee into the hand of these men that seek thy life."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 38:20 "But Jeremiah said, They shall not deliver thee. Obey, I beseech thee, the voice of the LORD, which I speak unto thee: so it shall be well unto thee, and thy soul shall live."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 38:22 "And, behold, all the women that are left in the king of Judah's house shall be brought forth to the king of Babylon's princes, and those women shall say, Thy friends have set thee on, and have prevailed against thee: thy feet are sunk in the mire, and they are turned away back."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 38:25 "But if the princes hear that I have talked with thee, and they come unto thee, and say unto thee, Declare unto us now what thou hast said unto the king, hide it not from us, and we will not put thee to death; also what the king said unto thee:"
Aspect22, Jeremiah 40:4 "And now, behold, I loose thee this day from the chains which were upon thine hand. If it seem good unto thee to come with me into Babylon, come; and I will look well unto thee: but if it seem ill unto thee to come with me into Babylon, forbear: behold, all the land is before thee: whither it seemeth good and convenient for thee to go, thither go."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 40:15 "Then Johanan the son of Kareah spake to Gedaliah in Mizpah secretly saying, Let me go, I pray thee, and I will slay Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and no man shall know it: wherefore should he slay thee, that all the Jews which are gathered unto thee should be scattered, and the remnant in Judah perish?"
Aspect22, Jeremiah 44:10 "They are not humbled even unto this day, neither have they feared, nor walked in my law, nor in my statutes, that I set before you and before your fathers."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 46:27 "But fear not thou, O my servant Jacob, and be not dismayed, O Israel: for, behold, I will save thee from afar off, and thy seed from the land of their captivity; and Jacob shall return, and be in rest and at ease, and none shall make him afraid."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 46:28 "Fear thou not, O Jacob my servant, saith the LORD: for I am with thee; for I will make a full end of all the nations whither I have driven thee: but I will not make a full end of thee, but correct thee in measure; yet will I not leave thee wholly unpunished."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 48:41 "Kerioth is taken, and the strong holds are surprised, and the mighty men's hearts in Moab at that day shall be as the heart of a woman in her pangs."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 48:46 "Woe be unto thee, O Moab! the people of Chemosh perisheth: for thy sons are taken captives, and thy daughters captives."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 49:5 "Behold, I will bring a fear upon thee, saith the Lord GOD of hosts, from all those that be about thee; and ye shall be driven out every man right forth; and none shall gather up him that wandereth."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 49:9 "If grapegatherers come to thee, would they not leave some gleaning grapes? if thieves by night, they will destroy till they have enough."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 49:15 "For, lo, I will make thee small among the heathen, and despised among men."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 49:16 "Thy terribleness hath deceived thee, and the pride of thine heart, O thou that dwellest in the clefts of the rock, that holdest the height of the hill: though thou shouldest make thy nest as high as the eagle, I will bring thee down from thence, saith the LORD."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 49:21 "The earth is moved at the noise of their fall, at the cry the noise thereof was heard in the Red sea."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 49:29 "Their tents and their flocks shall they take away: they shall take to themselves their curtains, and all their vessels, and their camels; and they shall cry unto them, Fear is on every side."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 50:31 "Behold, I am against thee, O thou most proud, saith the Lord GOD of hosts: for thy day is come, the time that I will visit thee."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 50:42 "They shall hold the bow and the lance: they are cruel, and will not shew mercy: their voice shall roar like the sea, and they shall ride upon horses, every one put in array, like a man to the battle, against thee, O daughter of Babylon."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 51:14 "The LORD of hosts hath sworn by himself, saying, Surely I will fill thee with men, as with caterpillers; and they shall lift up a shout against thee."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 51:17 "Every man is brutish by his knowledge; every founder is confounded by the graven image: for his molten image is falsehood, and there is no breath in them."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 51:20 "Thou art my battle axe and weapons of war: for with thee will I break in pieces the nations, and with thee will I destroy kingdoms;"
Aspect22, Jeremiah 51:21 "And with thee will I break in pieces the horse and his rider; and with thee will I break in pieces the chariot and his rider;"
Aspect22, Jeremiah 51:22 "With thee also will I break in pieces man and woman; and with thee will I break in pieces old and young; and with thee will I break in pieces the young man and the maid;"
Aspect22, Jeremiah 51:23 "I will also break in pieces with thee the shepherd and his flock; and with thee will I break in pieces the husbandman and his yoke of oxen; and with thee will I break in pieces captains and rulers."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 51:25 "Behold, I am against thee, O destroying mountain, saith the LORD, which destroyest all the earth: and I will stretch out mine hand upon thee, and roll thee down from the rocks, and will make thee a burnt mountain."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 51:44 "And I will punish Bel in Babylon, and I will bring forth out of his mouth that which he hath swallowed up: and the nations shall not flow together any more unto him: yea, the wall of Babylon shall fall."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 51:49 "As Babylon hath caused the slain of Israel to fall, so at Babylon shall fall the slain of all the earth."
Aspect22, Jeremiah 52:34 "And for his diet, there was a continual diet given him of the king of Babylon, every day a portion until the day of his death, all the days of his life."
Aspect22, Lamentations 1:7 "Jerusalem remembered in the days of her affliction and of her miseries all her pleasant things that she had in the days of old, when her people fell into the hand of the enemy, and none did help her: the adversaries saw her, and did mock at her sabbaths."
Aspect22, Lamentations 1:17 "Zion spreadeth forth her hands, and there is none to comfort her: the LORD hath commanded concerning Jacob, that his adversaries should be round about him: Jerusalem is as a menstruous woman among them."
Aspect22, Lamentations 2:13 "What thing shall I take to witness for thee? what thing shall I liken to thee, O daughter of Jerusalem? what shall I equal to thee, that I may comfort thee, O virgin daughter of Zion? for thy breach is great like the sea: who can heal thee?"
Aspect22, Lamentations 2:14 "Thy prophets have seen vain and foolish things for thee: and they have not discovered thine iniquity, to turn away thy captivity; but have seen for thee false burdens and causes of banishment."
Aspect22, Lamentations 2:15 "All that pass by clap their hands at thee; they hiss and wag their head at the daughter of Jerusalem, saying, Is this the city that men call The perfection of beauty, The joy of the whole earth?"
Aspect22, Lamentations 2:16 "All thine enemies have opened their mouth against thee: they hiss and gnash the teeth: they say, We have swallowed her up: certainly this is the day that we looked for; we have found, we have seen it."
Aspect22, Lamentations 3:14 "I was a derision to all my people; and their song all the day."
Aspect22, Lamentations 3:21 "This I recall to my mind, therefore have I hope."
Aspect22, Lamentations 3:23 "They are new every morning: great is thy faithfulness."
Aspect22, Lamentations 3:62 "The lips of those that rose up against me, and their device against me all the day."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 1:23 "And under the firmament were their wings straight, the one toward the other: every one had two, which covered on this side, and every one had two, which covered on that side, their bodies."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 2:3 "And he said unto me, Son of man, I send thee to the children of Israel, to a rebellious nation that hath rebelled against me: they and their fathers have transgressed against me, even unto this very day."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 4:1 "Thou also, son of man, take thee a tile, and lay it before thee, and pourtray upon it the city, even Jerusalem:"
Aspect22, Ezekiel 4:3 "Moreover take thou unto thee an iron pan, and set it for a wall of iron between thee and the city: and set thy face against it, and it shall be besieged, and thou shalt lay siege against it. This shall be a sign to the house of Israel."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 5:1 "And thou, son of man, take thee a sharp knife, take thee a barber's razor, and cause it to pass upon thine head and upon thy beard: then take thee balances to weigh, and divide the hair."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 5:8 "Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I, even I, am against thee, and will execute judgments in the midst of thee in the sight of the nations."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 5:9 "And I will do in thee that which I have not done, and whereunto I will not do any more the like, because of all thine abominations."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 5:10 "Therefore the fathers shall eat the sons in the midst of thee, and the sons shall eat their fathers; and I will execute judgments in thee, and the whole remnant of thee will I scatter into all the winds."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 5:12 "A third part of thee shall die with the pestilence, and with famine shall they be consumed in the midst of thee: and a third part shall fall by the sword round about thee; and I will scatter a third part into all the winds, and I will draw out a sword after them."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 5:14 "Moreover I will make thee waste, and a reproach among the nations that are round about thee, in the sight of all that pass by."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 5:15 "So it shall be a reproach and a taunt, an instruction and an astonishment unto the nations that are round about thee, when I shall execute judgments in thee in anger and in fury and in furious rebukes. I the LORD have spoken it."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 5:17 "So will I send upon you famine and evil beasts, and they shall bereave thee: and pestilence and blood shall pass through thee; and I will bring the sword upon thee. I the LORD have spoken it."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 7:3 "Now is the end come upon thee, and I will send mine anger upon thee, and will judge thee according to thy ways, and will recompense upon thee all thine abominations."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 7:4 "And mine eye shall not spare thee, neither will I have pity: but I will recompense thy ways upon thee, and thine abominations shall be in the midst of thee: and ye shall know that I am the LORD."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 7:8 "Now will I shortly pour out my fury upon thee, and accomplish mine anger upon thee: and I will judge thee according to thy ways, and will recompense thee for all thine abominations."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 7:9 "And mine eye shall not spare, neither will I have pity: I will recompense thee according to thy ways and thine abominations that are in the midst of thee; and ye shall know that I am the LORD that smiteth."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 7:21 "And I will give it into the hands of the strangers for a prey, and to the wicked of the earth for a spoil; and they shall pollute it."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 8:3 "And he put forth the form of an hand, and took me by a lock of mine head; and the spirit lifted me up between the earth and the heaven, and brought me in the visions of God to Jerusalem, to the door of the inner gate that looketh toward the north; where was the seat of the image of jealousy, which provoketh to jealousy."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 9:2 "And, behold, six men came from the way of the higher gate, which lieth toward the north, and every man a slaughter weapon in his hand; and one man among them was clothed with linen, with a writer's inkhorn by his side: and they went in, and stood beside the brasen altar."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 11:22 "Then did the cherubims lift up their wings, and the wheels beside them; and the glory of the God of Israel was over them above."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 13:22 "Because with lies ye have made the heart of the righteous sad, whom I have not made sad; and strengthened the hands of the wicked, that he should not return from his wicked way, by promising him life:"
Aspect22, Ezekiel 16:5 "None eye pitied thee, to do any of these unto thee, to have compassion upon thee; but thou wast cast out in the open field, to the lothing of thy person, in the day that thou wast born."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 16:6 "And when I passed by thee, and saw thee polluted in thine own blood, I said unto thee when thou wast in thy blood, Live; yea, I said unto thee when thou wast in thy blood, Live."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 16:8 "Now when I passed by thee, and looked upon thee, behold, thy time was the time of love; and I spread my skirt over thee, and covered thy nakedness: yea, I sware unto thee, and entered into a covenant with thee, saith the Lord GOD, and thou becamest mine."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 16:9 "Then washed I thee with water; yea, I throughly washed away thy blood from thee, and I anointed thee with oil."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 16:10 "I clothed thee also with broidered work, and shod thee with badgers' skin, and I girded thee about with fine linen, and I covered thee with silk."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 16:19 "My meat also which I gave thee, fine flour, and oil, and honey, wherewith I fed thee, thou hast even set it before them for a sweet savour: and thus it was, saith the Lord GOD."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 16:24 "That thou hast also built unto thee an eminent place, and hast made thee an high place in every street."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 16:27 "Behold, therefore I have stretched out my hand over thee, and have diminished thine ordinary food, and delivered thee unto the will of them that hate thee, the daughters of the Philistines, which are ashamed of thy lewd way."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 16:33 "They give gifts to all whores: but thou givest thy gifts to all thy lovers, and hirest them, that they may come unto thee on every side for thy whoredom."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 16:34 "And the contrary is in thee from other women in thy whoredoms, whereas none followeth thee to commit whoredoms: and in that thou givest a reward, and no reward is given unto thee, therefore thou art contrary."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 16:38 "And I will judge thee, as women that break wedlock and shed blood are judged; and I will give thee blood in fury and jealousy."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 16:39 "And I will also give thee into their hand, and they shall throw down thine eminent place, and shall break down thy high places: they shall strip thee also of thy clothes, and shall take thy fair jewels, and leave thee naked and bare."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 16:40 "They shall also bring up a company against thee, and they shall stone thee with stones, and thrust thee through with their swords."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 16:42 "So will I make my fury toward thee to rest, and my jealousy shall depart from thee, and I will be quiet, and will be no more angry."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 16:44 "Behold, every one that useth proverbs shall use this proverb against thee, saying, As is the mother, so is her daughter."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 16:57 "Before thy wickedness was discovered, as at the time of thy reproach of the daughters of Syria, and all that are round about her, the daughters of the Philistines, which despise thee round about."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 16:60 "Nevertheless I will remember my covenant with thee in the days of thy youth, and I will establish unto thee an everlasting covenant."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 21:3 "And say to the land of Israel, Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I am against thee, and will draw forth my sword out of his sheath, and will cut off from thee the righteous and the wicked."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 21:4 "Seeing then that I will cut off from thee the righteous and the wicked, therefore shall my sword go forth out of his sheath against all flesh from the south to the north:"
Aspect22, Ezekiel 21:16 "Go thee one way or other, either on the right hand, or on the left, whithersoever thy face is set."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 21:19 "Also, thou son of man, appoint thee two ways, that the sword of the king of Babylon may come: both twain shall come forth out of one land: and choose thou a place, choose it at the head of the way to the city."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 21:25 "And thou, profane wicked prince of Israel, whose day is come, when iniquity shall have an end,"
Aspect22, Ezekiel 21:29 "Whiles they see vanity unto thee, whiles they divine a lie unto thee, to bring thee upon the necks of them that are slain, of the wicked, whose day is come, when their iniquity shall have an end."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 21:30 "Shall I cause it to return into his sheath? I will judge thee in the place where thou wast created, in the land of thy nativity."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 21:31 "And I will pour out mine indignation upon thee, I will blow against thee in the fire of my wrath, and deliver thee into the hand of brutish men, and skilful to destroy."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 22:5 "Those that be near, and those that be far from thee, shall mock thee, which art infamous and much vexed."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 22:6 "Behold, the princes of Israel, every one were in thee to their power to shed blood."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 22:7 "In thee have they set light by father and mother: in the midst of thee have they dealt by oppression with the stranger: in thee have they vexed the fatherless and the widow."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 22:9 "In thee are men that carry tales to shed blood: and in thee they eat upon the mountains: in the midst of thee they commit lewdness."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 22:10 "In thee have they discovered their fathers' nakedness: in thee have they humbled her that was set apart for pollution."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 22:14 "Can thine heart endure, or can thine hands be strong, in the days that I shall deal with thee? I the LORD have spoken it, and will do it."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 22:15 "And I will scatter thee among the heathen, and disperse thee in the countries, and will consume thy filthiness out of thee."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 23:22 "Therefore, O Aholibah, thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will raise up thy lovers against thee, from whom thy mind is alienated, and I will bring them against thee on every side;"
Aspect22, Ezekiel 23:24 "And they shall come against thee with chariots, wagons, and wheels, and with an assembly of people, which shall set against thee buckler and shield and helmet round about: and I will set judgment before them, and they shall judge thee according to their judgments."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 23:25 "And I will set my jealousy against thee, and they shall deal furiously with thee: they shall take away thy nose and thine ears; and thy remnant shall fall by the sword: they shall take thy sons and thy daughters; and thy residue shall be devoured by the fire."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 23:29 "And they shall deal with thee hatefully, and shall take away all thy labour, and shall leave thee naked and bare: and the nakedness of thy whoredoms shall be discovered, both thy lewdness and thy whoredoms."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 24:2 "Son of man, write thee the name of the day, even of this same day: the king of Babylon set himself against Jerusalem this same day."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 24:17 "Forbear to cry, make no mourning for the dead, bind the tire of thine head upon thee, and put on thy shoes upon thy feet, and cover not thy lips, and eat not the bread of men."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 24:26 "That he that escapeth in that day shall come unto thee, to cause thee to hear it with thine ears?"
Aspect22, Ezekiel 25:4 "Behold, therefore I will deliver thee to the men of the east for a possession, and they shall set their palaces in thee, and make their dwellings in thee: they shall eat thy fruit, and they shall drink thy milk."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 25:7 "Behold, therefore I will stretch out mine hand upon thee, and will deliver thee for a spoil to the heathen; and I will cut thee off from the people, and I will cause thee to perish out of the countries: I will destroy thee; and thou shalt know that I am the LORD."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 26:3 "Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against thee, O Tyrus, and will cause many nations to come up against thee, as the sea causeth his waves to come up."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 26:8 "He shall slay with the sword thy daughters in the field: and he shall make a fort against thee, and cast a mount against thee, and lift up the buckler against thee."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 26:16 "Then all the princes of the sea shall come down from their thrones, and lay away their robes, and put off their broidered garments: they shall clothe themselves with trembling; they shall sit upon the ground, and shall tremble at every moment, and be astonished at thee."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 26:17 "And they shall take up a lamentation for thee, and say to thee, How art thou destroyed, that wast inhabited of seafaring men, the renowned city, which wast strong in the sea, she and her inhabitants, which cause their terror to be on all that haunt it!"
Aspect22, Ezekiel 26:18 "Now shall the isles tremble in the day of thy fall; yea, the isles that are in the sea shall be troubled at thy departure."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 26:19 "For thus saith the Lord GOD; When I shall make thee a desolate city, like the cities that are not inhabited; when I shall bring up the deep upon thee, and great waters shall cover thee;"
Aspect22, Ezekiel 26:20 "When I shall bring thee down with them that descend into the pit, with the people of old time, and shall set thee in the low parts of the earth, in places desolate of old, with them that go down to the pit, that thou be not inhabited; and I shall set glory in the land of the living;"
Aspect22, Ezekiel 27:7 "Fine linen with broidered work from Egypt was that which thou spreadest forth to be thy sail; blue and purple from the isles of Elishah was that which covered thee."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 27:9 "The ancients of Gebal and the wise men thereof were in thee thy calkers: all the ships of the sea with their mariners were in thee to occupy thy merchandise."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 27:10 "They of Persia and of Lud and of Phut were in thine army, thy men of war: they hanged the shield and helmet in thee; they set forth thy comeliness."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 27:21 "Arabia, and all the princes of Kedar, they occupied with thee in lambs, and rams, and goats: in these were they thy merchants."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 27:26 "Thy rowers have brought thee into great waters: the east wind hath broken thee in the midst of the seas."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 27:27 "Thy riches, and thy fairs, thy merchandise, thy mariners, and thy pilots, thy calkers, and the occupiers of thy merchandise, and all thy men of war, that are in thee, and in all thy company which is in the midst of thee, shall fall into the midst of the seas in the day of thy ruin."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 27:30 "And shall cause their voice to be heard against thee, and shall cry bitterly, and shall cast up dust upon their heads, they shall wallow themselves in the ashes:"
Aspect22, Ezekiel 27:31 "And they shall make themselves utterly bald for thee, and gird them with sackcloth, and they shall weep for thee with bitterness of heart and bitter wailing."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 27:32 "And in their wailing they shall take up a lamentation for thee, and lament over thee, saying, What city is like Tyrus, like the destroyed in the midst of the sea?"
Aspect22, Ezekiel 28:4 "With thy wisdom and with thine understanding thou hast gotten thee riches, and hast gotten gold and silver into thy treasures:"
Aspect22, Ezekiel 28:7 "Behold, therefore I will bring strangers upon thee, the terrible of the nations: and they shall draw their swords against the beauty of thy wisdom, and they shall defile thy brightness."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 28:13 "Thou hast been in Eden the garden of God; every precious stone was thy covering, the sardius, topaz, and the diamond, the beryl, the onyx, and the jasper, the sapphire, the emerald, and the carbuncle, and gold: the workmanship of thy tabrets and of thy pipes was prepared in thee in the day that thou wast created."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 28:16 "By the multitude of thy merchandise they have filled the midst of thee with violence, and thou hast sinned: therefore I will cast thee as profane out of the mountain of God: and I will destroy thee, O covering cherub, from the midst of the stones of fire."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 28:17 "Thine heart was lifted up because of thy beauty, thou hast corrupted thy wisdom by reason of thy brightness: I will cast thee to the ground, I will lay thee before kings, that they may behold thee."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 28:18 "Thou hast defiled thy sanctuaries by the multitude of thine iniquities, by the iniquity of thy traffick; therefore will I bring forth a fire from the midst of thee, it shall devour thee, and I will bring thee to ashes upon the earth in the sight of all them that behold thee."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 29:4 "But I will put hooks in thy jaws, and I will cause the fish of thy rivers to stick unto thy scales, and I will bring thee up out of the midst of thy rivers, and all the fish of thy rivers shall stick unto thy scales."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 29:7 "When they took hold of thee by thy hand, thou didst break, and rend all their shoulder: and when they leaned upon thee, thou brakest, and madest all their loins to be at a stand."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 29:8 "Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will bring a sword upon thee, and cut off man and beast out of thee."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 29:10 "Behold, therefore I am against thee, and against thy rivers, and I will make the land of Egypt utterly waste and desolate, from the tower of Syene even unto the border of Ethiopia."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 29:21 "In that day will I cause the horn of the house of Israel to bud forth, and I will give thee the opening of the mouth in the midst of them; and they shall know that I am the LORD."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 30:9 "In that day shall messengers go forth from me in ships to make the careless Ethiopians afraid, and great pain shall come upon them, as in the day of Egypt: for, lo, it cometh."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 31:12 "And strangers, the terrible of the nations, have cut him off, and have left him: upon the mountains and in all the valleys his branches are fallen, and his boughs are broken by all the rivers of the land; and all the people of the earth are gone down from his shadow, and have left him."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 32:3 "Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will therefore spread out my net over thee with a company of many people; and they shall bring thee up in my net."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 32:4 "Then will I leave thee upon the land, I will cast thee forth upon the open field, and will cause all the fowls of the heaven to remain upon thee, and I will fill the beasts of the whole earth with thee."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 32:7 "And when I shall put thee out, I will cover the heaven, and make the stars thereof dark; I will cover the sun with a cloud, and the moon shall not give her light."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 32:10 "Yea, I will make many people amazed at thee, and their kings shall be horribly afraid for thee, when I shall brandish my sword before them; and they shall tremble at every moment, every man for his own life, in the day of thy fall."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 33:17 "Yet the children of thy people say, The way of the Lord is not equal: but as for them, their way is not equal."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 33:31 "And they come unto thee as the people cometh, and they sit before thee as my people, and they hear thy words, but they will not do them: for with their mouth they shew much love, but their heart goeth after their covetousness."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 34:6 "My sheep wandered through all the mountains, and upon every high hill: yea, my flock was scattered upon all the face of the earth, and none did search or seek after them."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 35:3 "And say unto it, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, O mount Seir, I am against thee, and I will stretch out mine hand against thee, and I will make thee most desolate."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 35:6 "Therefore, as I live, saith the Lord GOD, I will prepare thee unto blood, and blood shall pursue thee: sith thou hast not hated blood, even blood shall pursue thee."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 37:25 "And they shall dwell in the land that I have given unto Jacob my servant, wherein your fathers have dwelt; and they shall dwell therein, even they, and their children, and their children's children for ever: and my servant David shall be their prince for ever."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 38:4 "And I will turn thee back, and put hooks into thy jaws, and I will bring thee forth, and all thine army, horses and horsemen, all of them clothed with all sorts of armour, even a great company with bucklers and shields, all of them handling swords:"
Aspect22, Ezekiel 38:16 "And thou shalt come up against my people of Israel, as a cloud to cover the land; it shall be in the latter days, and I will bring thee against my land, that the heathen may know me, when I shall be sanctified in thee, O Gog, before their eyes."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 38:20 "So that the fishes of the sea, and the fowls of the heaven, and the beasts of the field, and all creeping things that creep upon the earth, and all the men that are upon the face of the earth, shall shake at my presence, and the mountains shall be thrown down, and the steep places shall fall, and every wall shall fall to the ground."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 39:2 "And I will turn thee back, and leave but the sixth part of thee, and will cause thee to come up from the north parts, and will bring thee upon the mountains of Israel:"
Aspect22, Ezekiel 40:9 "Then measured he the porch of the gate, eight cubits; and the posts thereof, two cubits; and the porch of the gate was inward."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 40:25 "And there were windows in it and in the arches thereof round about, like those windows: the length was fifty cubits, and the breadth five and twenty cubits."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 40:30 "And the arches round about were five and twenty cubits long, and five cubits broad."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 40:44 "And without the inner gate were the chambers of the singers in the inner court, which was at the side of the north gate; and their prospect was toward the south: one at the side of the east gate having the prospect toward the north."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 40:49 "The length of the porch was twenty cubits, and the breadth eleven cubits, and he brought me by the steps whereby they went up to it: and there were pillars by the posts, one on this side, and another on that side."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 41:2 "And the breadth of the door was ten cubits; and the sides of the door were five cubits on the one side, and five cubits on the other side: and he measured the length thereof, forty cubits: and the breadth, twenty cubits."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 41:11 "And the doors of the side chambers were toward the place that was left, one door toward the north, and another door toward the south: and the breadth of the place that was left was five cubits round about."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 41:12 "Now the building that was before the separate place at the end toward the west was seventy cubits broad; and the wall of the building was five cubits thick round about, and the length thereof ninety cubits."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 41:16 "The door posts, and the narrow windows, and the galleries round about on their three stories, over against the door, cieled with wood round about, and from the ground up to the windows, and the windows were covered;"
Aspect22, Ezekiel 42:4 "And before the chambers was a walk to ten cubits breadth inward, a way of one cubit; and their doors toward the north."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 42:12 "And according to the doors of the chambers that were toward the south was a door in the head of the way, even the way directly before the wall toward the east, as one entereth into them."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 44:23 "And they shall teach my people the difference between the holy and profane, and cause them to discern between the unclean and the clean."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 45:7 "And a portion shall be for the prince on the one side and on the other side of the oblation of the holy portion, and of the possession of the city, before the oblation of the holy portion, and before the possession of the city, from the west side westward, and from the east side eastward: and the length shall be over against one of the portions, from the west border unto the east border."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 45:22 "And upon that day shall the prince prepare for himself and for all the people of the land a bullock for a sin offering."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 46:6 "And in the day of the new moon it shall be a young bullock without blemish, and six lambs, and a ram: they shall be without blemish."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 47:3 "And when the man that had the line in his hand went forth eastward, he measured a thousand cubits, and he brought me through the waters; the waters were to the ankles."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 48:24 "And by the border of Benjamin, from the east side unto the west side, Simeon shall have a portion."
Aspect22, Ezekiel 48:30 "And these are the goings out of the city on the north side, four thousand and five hundred measures."
Aspect22, Daniel 1:3 "And the king spake unto Ashpenaz the master of his eunuchs, that he should bring certain of the children of Israel, and of the king's seed, and of the princes;"
Aspect22, Daniel 1:13 "Then let our countenances be looked upon before thee, and the countenance of the children that eat of the portion of the king's meat: and as thou seest, deal with thy servants."
Aspect22, Daniel 2:4 "Then spake the Chaldeans to the king in Syriack, O king, live for ever: tell thy servants the dream, and we will shew the interpretation."
Aspect22, Daniel 2:10 "The Chaldeans answered before the king, and said, There is not a man upon the earth that can shew the king's matter: therefore there is no king, lord, nor ruler, that asked such things at any magician, or astrologer, or Chaldean."
Aspect22, Daniel 2:23 "I thank thee, and praise thee, O thou God of my fathers, who hast given me wisdom and might, and hast made known unto me now what we desired of thee: for thou hast now made known unto us the king's matter."
Aspect22, Daniel 2:31 "Thou, O king, sawest, and behold a great image. This great image, whose brightness was excellent, stood before thee; and the form thereof was terrible."
Aspect22, Daniel 2:37 "Thou, O king, art a king of kings: for the God of heaven hath given thee a kingdom, power, and strength, and glory."
Aspect22, Daniel 2:39 "And after thee shall arise another kingdom inferior to thee, and another third kingdom of brass, which shall bear rule over all the earth."
Aspect22, Daniel 3:1 "Nebuchadnezzar the king made an image of gold, whose height was threescore cubits, and the breadth thereof six cubits: he set it up in the plain of Dura, in the province of Babylon."
Aspect22, Daniel 3:9 "They spake and said to the king Nebuchadnezzar, O king, live for ever."
Aspect22, Daniel 3:17 "If it be so, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning fiery furnace, and he will deliver us out of thine hand, O king."
Aspect22, Daniel 3:18 "But if not, be it known unto thee, O king, that we will not serve thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up."
Aspect22, Daniel 4:9 "O Belteshazzar, master of the magicians, because I know that the spirit of the holy gods is in thee, and no secret troubleth thee, tell me the visions of my dream that I have seen, and the interpretation thereof."
Aspect22, Daniel 4:15 "Nevertheless leave the stump of his roots in the earth, even with a band of iron and brass, in the tender grass of the field; and let it be wet with the dew of heaven, and let his portion be with the beasts in the grass of the earth:"
Aspect22, Daniel 4:19 "Then Daniel, whose name was Belteshazzar, was astonied for one hour, and his thoughts troubled him. The king spake, and said, Belteshazzar, let not the dream, or the interpretation thereof, trouble thee. Belteshazzar answered and said, My lord, the dream be to them that hate thee, and the interpretation thereof to thine enemies."
Aspect22, Daniel 4:22 "It is thou, O king, that art grown and become strong: for thy greatness is grown, and reacheth unto heaven, and thy dominion to the end of the earth."
Aspect22, Daniel 4:23 "And whereas the king saw a watcher and an holy one coming down from heaven, and saying, Hew the tree down, and destroy it; yet leave the stump of the roots thereof in the earth, even with a band of iron and brass, in the tender grass of the field; and let it be wet with the dew of heaven, and let his portion be with the beasts of the field, till seven times pass over him;"
Aspect22, Daniel 4:25 "That they shall drive thee from men, and thy dwelling shall be with the beasts of the field, and they shall make thee to eat grass as oxen, and they shall wet thee with the dew of heaven, and seven times shall pass over thee, till thou know that the most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will."
Aspect22, Daniel 4:26 "And whereas they commanded to leave the stump of the tree roots; thy kingdom shall be sure unto thee, after that thou shalt have known that the heavens do rule."
Aspect22, Daniel 4:31 "While the word was in the king's mouth, there fell a voice from heaven, saying, O king Nebuchadnezzar, to thee it is spoken; The kingdom is departed from thee."
Aspect22, Daniel 4:32 "And they shall drive thee from men, and thy dwelling shall be with the beasts of the field: they shall make thee to eat grass as oxen, and seven times shall pass over thee, until thou know that the most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will."
Aspect22, Daniel 5:10 "Now the queen by reason of the words of the king and his lords came into the banquet house: and the queen spake and said, O king, live for ever: let not thy thoughts trouble thee, nor let thy countenance be changed:"
Aspect22, Daniel 5:14 "I have even heard of thee, that the spirit of the gods is in thee, and that light and understanding and excellent wisdom is found in thee."
Aspect22, Daniel 5:18 "O thou king, the most high God gave Nebuchadnezzar thy father a kingdom, and majesty, and glory, and honour:"
Aspect22, Daniel 6:11 "Then these men assembled, and found Daniel praying and making supplication before his God."
Aspect22, Daniel 6:13 "Then answered they and said before the king, That Daniel, which is of the children of the captivity of Judah, regardeth not thee, O king, nor the decree that thou hast signed, but maketh his petition three times a day."
Aspect22, Daniel 6:16 "Then the king commanded, and they brought Daniel, and cast him into the den of lions. Now the king spake and said unto Daniel, Thy God whom thou servest continually, he will deliver thee."
Aspect22, Daniel 6:21 "Then said Daniel unto the king, O king, live for ever."
Aspect22, Daniel 6:22 "My God hath sent his angel, and hath shut the lions' mouths, that they have not hurt me: forasmuch as before him innocency was found in me; and also before thee, O king, have I done no hurt."
Aspect22, Daniel 6:23 "Then was the king exceedingly glad for him, and commanded that they should take Daniel up out of the den. So Daniel was taken up out of the den, and no manner of hurt was found upon him, because he believed in his God."
Aspect22, Daniel 6:26 "I make a decree, That in every dominion of my kingdom men tremble and fear before the God of Daniel: for he is the living God, and stedfast for ever, and his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed, and his dominion shall be even unto the end."
Aspect22, Daniel 7:4 "The first was like a lion, and had eagle's wings: I beheld till the wings thereof were plucked, and it was lifted up from the earth, and made stand upon the feet as a man, and a man's heart was given to it."
Aspect22, Daniel 9:15 "And now, O Lord our God, that hast brought thy people forth out of the land of Egypt with a mighty hand, and hast gotten thee renown, as at this day; we have sinned, we have done wickedly."
Aspect22, Daniel 9:18 "O my God, incline thine ear, and hear; open thine eyes, and behold our desolations, and the city which is called by thy name: for we do not present our supplications before thee for our righteousnesses, but for thy great mercies."
Aspect22, Daniel 9:22 "And he informed me, and talked with me, and said, O Daniel, I am now come forth to give thee skill and understanding."
Aspect22, Daniel 10:14 "Now I am come to make thee understand what shall befall thy people in the latter days: for yet the vision is for many days."
Aspect22, Daniel 10:21 "But I will shew thee that which is noted in the scripture of truth: and there is none that holdeth with me in these things, but Michael your prince."
Aspect22, Daniel 11:2 "And now will I shew thee the truth. Behold, there shall stand up yet three kings in Persia; and the fourth shall be far richer than they all: and by his strength through his riches he shall stir up all against the realm of Grecia."
Aspect22, Daniel 11:11 "And the king of the south shall be moved with choler, and shall come forth and fight with him, even with the king of the north: and he shall set forth a great multitude; but the multitude shall be given into his hand."
Aspect22, Daniel 11:13 "For the king of the north shall return, and shall set forth a multitude greater than the former, and shall certainly come after certain years with a great army and with much riches."
Aspect22, Daniel 11:19 "Then he shall turn his face toward the fort of his own land: but he shall stumble and fall, and not be found."
Aspect22, Daniel 11:32 "And such as do wickedly against the covenant shall he corrupt by flatteries: but the people that do know their God shall be strong, and do exploits."
Aspect22, Hosea 2:6 "Therefore, behold, I will hedge up thy way with thorns, and make a wall, that she shall not find her paths."
Aspect22, Hosea 2:19 "And I will betroth thee unto me for ever; yea, I will betroth thee unto me in righteousness, and in judgment, and in lovingkindness, and in mercies."
Aspect22, Hosea 4:5 "Therefore shalt thou fall in the day, and the prophet also shall fall with thee in the night, and I will destroy thy mother."
Aspect22, Hosea 6:4 "O Ephraim, what shall I do unto thee? O Judah, what shall I do unto thee? for your goodness is as a morning cloud, and as the early dew it goeth away."
Aspect22, Hosea 8:2 "Israel shall cry unto me, My God, we know thee."
Aspect22, Hosea 11:8 "How shall I give thee up, Ephraim? how shall I deliver thee, Israel? how shall I make thee as Admah? how shall I set thee as Zeboim? mine heart is turned within me, my repentings are kindled together."
Aspect22, Hosea 11:9 "I will not execute the fierceness of mine anger, I will not return to destroy Ephraim: for I am God, and not man; the Holy One in the midst of thee: and I will not enter into the city."
Aspect22, Hosea 12:8 "And Ephraim said, Yet I am become rich, I have found me out substance: in all my labours they shall find none iniquity in me that were sin."
Aspect22, Hosea 13:5 "I did know thee in the wilderness, in the land of great drought."
Aspect22, Hosea 13:10 "I will be thy king: where is any other that may save thee in all thy cities? and thy judges of whom thou saidst, Give me a king and princes?"
Aspect22, Hosea 14:5 "I will be as the dew unto Israel: he shall grow as the lily, and cast forth his roots as Lebanon."
Aspect22, Hosea 14:6 "His branches shall spread, and his beauty shall be as the olive tree, and his smell as Lebanon."
Aspect22, Joel 2:2 "A day of darkness and of gloominess, a day of clouds and of thick darkness, as the morning spread upon the mountains: a great people and a strong; there hath not been ever the like, neither shall be any more after it, even to the years of many generations."
Aspect22, Joel 2:10 "The earth shall quake before them; the heavens shall tremble: the sun and the moon shall be dark, and the stars shall withdraw their shining:"
Aspect22, Amos 3:5 "Can a bird fall in a snare upon the earth, where no gin is for him? shall one take up a snare from the earth, and have taken nothing at all?"
Aspect22, Amos 3:14 "That in the day that I shall visit the transgressions of Israel upon him I will also visit the altars of Bethel: and the horns of the altar shall be cut off, and fall to the ground."
Aspect22, Amos 4:12 "Therefore thus will I do unto thee, O Israel: and because I will do this unto thee, prepare to meet thy God, O Israel."
Aspect22, Amos 5:7 "Ye who turn judgment to wormwood, and leave off righteousness in the earth,"
Aspect22, Amos 7:10 "Then Amaziah the priest of Bethel sent to Jeroboam king of Israel, saying, Amos hath conspired against thee in the midst of the house of Israel: the land is not able to bear all his words."
Aspect22, Amos 8:12 "And they shall wander from sea to sea, and from the north even to the east, they shall run to and fro to seek the word of the LORD, and shall not find it."
Aspect22, Obadiah 1:2 "Behold, I have made thee small among the heathen: thou art greatly despised."
Aspect22, Obadiah 1:3 "The pride of thine heart hath deceived thee, thou that dwellest in the clefts of the rock, whose habitation is high; that saith in his heart, Who shall bring me down to the ground?"
Aspect22, Obadiah 1:5 "If thieves came to thee, if robbers by night, (how art thou cut off!) would they not have stolen till they had enough? if the grapegatherers came to thee, would they not leave some grapes?"
Aspect22, Obadiah 1:7 "All the men of thy confederacy have brought thee even to the border: the men that were at peace with thee have deceived thee, and prevailed against thee; that they eat thy bread have laid a wound under thee: there is none understanding in him."
Aspect22, Obadiah 1:10 "For thy violence against thy brother Jacob shame shall cover thee, and thou shalt be cut off for ever."
Aspect22, Jonah 1:5 "Then the mariners were afraid, and cried every man unto his god, and cast forth the wares that were in the ship into the sea, to lighten it of them. But Jonah was gone down into the sides of the ship; and he lay, and was fast asleep."
Aspect22, Jonah 1:12 "And he said unto them, Take me up, and cast me forth into the sea; so shall the sea be calm unto you: for I know that for my sake this great tempest is upon you."
Aspect22, Jonah 3:8 "But let man and beast be covered with sackcloth, and cry mightily unto God: yea, let them turn every one from his evil way, and from the violence that is in their hands."
Aspect22, Jonah 4:3 "Therefore now, O LORD, take, I beseech thee, my life from me; for it is better for me to die than to live."
Aspect22, Jonah 4:7 "But God prepared a worm when the morning rose the next day, and it smote the gourd that it withered."
Aspect22, Micah 1:16 "Make thee bald, and poll thee for thy delicate children; enlarge thy baldness as the eagle; for they are gone into captivity from thee."
Aspect22, Micah 2:12 "I will surely assemble, O Jacob, all of thee; I will surely gather the remnant of Israel; I will put them together as the sheep of Bozrah, as the flock in the midst of their fold: they shall make great noise by reason of the multitude of men."
Aspect22, Micah 4:9 "Now why dost thou cry out aloud? is there no king in thee? is thy counsellor perished? for pangs have taken thee as a woman in travail."
Aspect22, Micah 5:2 "But thou, Bethlehem Ephratah, though thou be little among the thousands of Judah, yet out of thee shall he come forth unto me that is to be ruler in Israel; whose goings forth have been from of old, from everlasting."
Aspect22, Micah 5:3 "Therefore will he give them up, until the time that she which travaileth hath brought forth: then the remnant of his brethren shall return unto the children of Israel."
Aspect22, Micah 5:14 "And I will pluck up thy groves out of the midst of thee: so will I destroy thy cities."
Aspect22, Micah 6:3 "O my people, what have I done unto thee? and wherein have I wearied thee? testify against me."
Aspect22, Micah 6:4 "For I brought thee up out of the land of Egypt, and redeemed thee out of the house of servants; and I sent before thee Moses, Aaron, and Miriam."
Aspect22, Micah 6:8 "He hath shewed thee, O man, what is good; and what doth the LORD require of thee, but to do justly, and to love mercy, and to walk humbly with thy God?"
Aspect22, Micah 6:13 "Therefore also will I make thee sick in smiting thee, in making thee desolate because of thy sins."
Aspect22, Micah 7:2 "The good man is perished out of the earth: and there is none upright among men: they all lie in wait for blood; they hunt every man his brother with a net."
Aspect22, Micah 7:11 "In the day that thy walls are to be built, in that day shall the decree be far removed."
Aspect22, Micah 7:12 "In that day also he shall come even to thee from Assyria, and from the fortified cities, and from the fortress even to the river, and from sea to sea, and from mountain to mountain."
Aspect22, Micah 7:18 "Who is a God like unto thee, that pardoneth iniquity, and passeth by the transgression of the remnant of his heritage? he retaineth not his anger for ever, because he delighteth in mercy."
Aspect22, Nahum 1:13 "For now will I break his yoke from off thee, and will burst thy bonds in sunder."
Aspect22, Nahum 3:6 "And I will cast abominable filth upon thee, and make thee vile, and will set thee as a gazingstock."
Aspect22, Nahum 3:7 "And it shall come to pass, that all they that look upon thee shall flee from thee, and say, Nineveh is laid waste: who will bemoan her? whence shall I seek comforters for thee?"
Aspect22, Nahum 3:13 "Behold, thy people in the midst of thee are women: the gates of thy land shall be set wide open unto thine enemies: the fire shall devour thy bars."
Aspect22, Nahum 3:14 "Draw thee waters for the siege, fortify thy strong holds: go into clay, and tread the morter, make strong the brickkiln."
Aspect22, Nahum 3:15 "There shall the fire devour thee; the sword shall cut thee off, it shall eat thee up like the cankerworm: make thyself many as the cankerworm, make thyself many as the locusts."
Aspect22, Nahum 3:19 "There is no healing of thy bruise; thy wound is grievous: all that hear the bruit of thee shall clap the hands over thee: for upon whom hath not thy wickedness passed continually?"
Aspect22, Habakkuk 2:17 "For the violence of Lebanon shall cover thee, and the spoil of beasts, which made them afraid, because of men's blood, and for the violence of the land, of the city, and of all that dwell therein."
Aspect22, Habakkuk 3:7 "I saw the tents of Cushan in affliction: and the curtains of the land of Midian did tremble."
Aspect22, Habakkuk 3:10 "The mountains saw thee, and they trembled: the overflowing of the water passed by: the deep uttered his voice, and lifted up his hands on high."
Aspect22, Zephaniah 2:6 "And the sea coast shall be dwellings and cottages for shepherds, and folds for flocks."
Aspect22, Zephaniah 3:12 "I will also leave in the midst of thee an afflicted and poor people, and they shall trust in the name of the LORD."
Aspect22, Zephaniah 3:16 "In that day it shall be said to Jerusalem, Fear thou not: and to Zion, Let not thine hands be slack."
Aspect22, Zephaniah 3:17 "The LORD thy God in the midst of thee is mighty; he will save, he will rejoice over thee with joy; he will rest in his love, he will joy over thee with singing."
Aspect22, Zephaniah 3:18 "I will gather them that are sorrowful for the solemn assembly, who are of thee, to whom the reproach of it was a burden."
Aspect22, Haggai 2:19 "Is the seed yet in the barn? yea, as yet the vine, and the fig tree, and the pomegranate, and the olive tree, hath not brought forth: from this day will I bless you."
Aspect22, Zechariah 3:8 "Hear now, O Joshua the high priest, thou, and thy fellows that sit before thee: for they are men wondered at: for, behold, I will bring forth my servant the BRANCH."
Aspect22, Zechariah 5:3 "Then said he unto me, This is the curse that goeth forth over the face of the whole earth: for every one that stealeth shall be cut off as on this side according to it; and every one that sweareth shall be cut off as on that side according to it."
Aspect22, Zechariah 5:5 "Then the angel that talked with me went forth, and said unto me, Lift up now thine eyes, and see what is this that goeth forth."
Aspect22, Zechariah 9:10 "And I will cut off the chariot from Ephraim, and the horse from Jerusalem, and the battle bow shall be cut off: and he shall speak peace unto the heathen: and his dominion shall be from sea even to sea, and from the river even to the ends of the earth."
Aspect22, Zechariah 9:12 "Turn you to the strong hold, ye prisoners of hope: even to day do I declare that I will render double unto thee;"
Aspect22, Zechariah 12:3 "And in that day will I make Jerusalem a burdensome stone for all people: all that burden themselves with it shall be cut in pieces, though all the people of the earth be gathered together against it."
Aspect22, Zechariah 14:1 "Behold, the day of the LORD cometh, and thy spoil shall be divided in the midst of thee."
Aspect22, Zechariah 14:4 "And his feet shall stand in that day upon the mount of Olives, which is before Jerusalem on the east, and the mount of Olives shall cleave in the midst thereof toward the east and toward the west, and there shall be a very great valley; and half of the mountain shall remove toward the north, and half of it toward the south."
Aspect22, Zechariah 14:8 "And it shall be in that day, that living waters shall go out from Jerusalem; half of them toward the former sea, and half of them toward the hinder sea: in summer and in winter shall it be."
Aspect22, Malachi 2:10 "Have we not all one father? hath not one God created us? why do we deal treacherously every man against his brother, by profaning the covenant of our fathers?"
Aspect22, Matthew 1:21 "And she shall bring forth a son, and thou shalt call his name JESUS: for he shall save his people from their sins."
Aspect22, Matthew 1:23 "Behold, a virgin shall be with child, and shall bring forth a son, and they shall call his name Emmanuel, which being interpreted is, God with us."
Aspect22, Matthew 2:12 "And being warned of God in a dream that they should not return to Herod, they departed into their own country another way."
Aspect22, Matthew 2:13 "And when they were departed, behold, the angel of the Lord appeareth to Joseph in a dream, saying, Arise, and take the young child and his mother, and flee into Egypt, and be thou there until I bring thee word: for Herod will seek the young child to destroy him."
Aspect22, Matthew 4:9 "And saith unto him, All these things will I give thee, if thou wilt fall down and worship me."
Aspect22, Matthew 5:23 "Therefore if thou bring thy gift to the altar, and there rememberest that thy brother hath ought against thee;"
Aspect22, Matthew 5:24 "Leave there thy gift before the altar, and go thy way; first be reconciled to thy brother, and then come and offer thy gift."
Aspect22, Matthew 5:25 "Agree with thine adversary quickly, whiles thou art in the way with him; lest at any time the adversary deliver thee to the judge, and the judge deliver thee to the officer, and thou be cast into prison."
Aspect22, Matthew 5:29 "And if thy right eye offend thee, pluck it out, and cast it from thee: for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell."
Aspect22, Matthew 5:30 "And if thy right hand offend thee, cut it off, and cast it from thee: for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell."
Aspect22, Matthew 5:35 "Nor by the earth; for it is his footstool: neither by Jerusalem; for it is the city of the great King."
Aspect22, Matthew 5:41 "And whosoever shall compel thee to go a mile, go with him twain."
Aspect22, Matthew 5:42 "Give to him that asketh thee, and from him that would borrow of thee turn not thou away."
Aspect22, Matthew 6:2 "Therefore when thou doest thine alms, do not sound a trumpet before thee, as the hypocrites do in the synagogues and in the streets, that they may have glory of men. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward."
Aspect22, Matthew 6:4 "That thine alms may be in secret: and thy Father which seeth in secret himself shall reward thee openly."
Aspect22, Matthew 6:18 "That thou appear not unto men to fast, but unto thy Father which is in secret: and thy Father, which seeth in secret, shall reward thee openly."
Aspect22, Matthew 6:34 "Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof."
Aspect22, Matthew 7:14 "Because strait is the gate, and narrow is the way, which leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it."
Aspect22, Matthew 8:3 "And Jesus put forth his hand, and touched him, saying, I will; be thou clean. And immediately his leprosy was cleansed."
Aspect22, Matthew 8:13 "And Jesus said unto the centurion, Go thy way; and as thou hast believed, so be it done unto thee. And his servant was healed in the selfsame hour."
Aspect22, Matthew 8:30 "And there was a good way off from them an herd of many swine feeding."
Aspect22, Matthew 9:5 "For whether is easier, to say, Thy sins be forgiven thee; or to say, Arise, and walk?"
Aspect22, Matthew 9:36 "But when he saw the multitudes, he was moved with compassion on them, because they fainted, and were scattered abroad, as sheep having no shepherd."
Aspect22, Matthew 11:10 "For this is he, of whom it is written, Behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way before thee."
Aspect22, Matthew 11:24 "But I say unto you, That it shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom in the day of judgment, than for thee."
Aspect22, Matthew 12:35 "A good man out of the good treasure of the heart bringeth forth good things: and an evil man out of the evil treasure bringeth forth evil things."
Aspect22, Matthew 12:38 "Then certain of the scribes and of the Pharisees answered, saying, Master, we would see a sign from thee."
Aspect22, Matthew 13:41 "The Son of man shall send forth his angels, and they shall gather out of his kingdom all things that offend, and them which do iniquity;"
Aspect22, Matthew 14:2 "And said unto his servants, This is John the Baptist; he is risen from the dead; and therefore mighty works do shew forth themselves in him."
Aspect22, Matthew 14:4 "For John said unto him, It is not lawful for thee to have her."
Aspect22, Matthew 16:22 "Then Peter took him, and began to rebuke him, saying, Be it far from thee, Lord: this shall not be unto thee."
Aspect22, Matthew 18:8 "Wherefore if thy hand or thy foot offend thee, cut them off, and cast them from thee: it is better for thee to enter into life halt or maimed, rather than having two hands or two feet to be cast into everlasting fire."
Aspect22, Matthew 18:9 "And if thine eye offend thee, pluck it out, and cast it from thee: it is better for thee to enter into life with one eye, rather than having two eyes to be cast into hell fire."
Aspect22, Matthew 18:15 "Moreover if thy brother shall trespass against thee, go and tell him his fault between thee and him alone: if he shall hear thee, thou hast gained thy brother."
Aspect22, Matthew 18:16 "But if he will not hear thee, then take with thee one or two more, that in the mouth of two or three witnesses every word may be established."
Aspect22, Matthew 18:26 "The servant therefore fell down, and worshipped him, saying, Lord, have patience with me, and I will pay thee all."
Aspect22, Matthew 19:27 "Then answered Peter and said unto him, Behold, we have forsaken all, and followed thee; what shall we have therefore?"
Aspect22, Matthew 20:2 "And when he had agreed with the labourers for a penny a day, he sent them into his vineyard."
Aspect22, Matthew 20:13 "But he answered one of them, and said, Friend, I do thee no wrong: didst not thou agree with me for a penny?"
Aspect22, Matthew 21:8 "And a very great multitude spread their garments in the way; others cut down branches from the trees, and strawed them in the way."
Aspect22, Matthew 22:7 "But when the king heard thereof, he was wroth: and he sent forth his armies, and destroyed those murderers, and burned up their city."
Aspect22, Matthew 22:46 "And no man was able to answer him a word, neither durst any man from that day forth ask him any more questions."
Aspect22, Matthew 24:32 "Now learn a parable of the fig tree; When his branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is nigh:"
Aspect22, Matthew 24:38 "For as in the days that were before the flood they were eating and drinking, marrying and giving in marriage, until the day that Noe entered into the ark,"
Aspect22, Matthew 25:14 "For the kingdom of heaven is as a man travelling into a far country, who called his own servants, and delivered unto them his goods."
Aspect22, Matthew 25:37 "Then shall the righteous answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee an hungred, and fed thee? or thirsty, and gave thee drink?"
Aspect22, Matthew 25:38 "When saw we thee a stranger, and took thee in? or naked, and clothed thee?"
Aspect22, Matthew 25:39 "Or when saw we thee sick, or in prison, and came unto thee?"
Aspect22, Matthew 25:44 "Then shall they also answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee an hungred, or athirst, or a stranger, or naked, or sick, or in prison, and did not minister unto thee?"
Aspect22, Matthew 26:17 "Now the first day of the feast of unleavened bread the disciples came to Jesus, saying unto him, Where wilt thou that we prepare for thee to eat the passover?"
Aspect22, Matthew 26:33 "Peter answered and said unto him, Though all men shall be offended because of thee, yet will I never be offended."
Aspect22, Matthew 26:35 "Peter said unto him, Though I should die with thee, yet will I not deny thee. Likewise also said all the disciples."
Aspect22, Matthew 27:59 "And when Joseph had taken the body, he wrapped it in a clean linen cloth,"
Aspect22, Mark 1:2 "As it is written in the prophets, Behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way before thee."
Aspect22, Mark 1:35 "And in the morning, rising up a great while before day, he went out, and departed into a solitary place, and there prayed."
Aspect22, Mark 1:41 "And Jesus, moved with compassion, put forth his hand, and touched him, and saith unto him, I will; be thou clean."
Aspect22, Mark 2:9 "Whether is it easier to say to the sick of the palsy, Thy sins be forgiven thee; or to say, Arise, and take up thy bed, and walk?"
Aspect22, Mark 2:11 "I say unto thee, Arise, and take up thy bed, and go thy way into thine house."
Aspect22, Mark 3:2 "And they watched him, whether he would heal him on the sabbath day; that they might accuse him."
Aspect22, Mark 5:5 "And always, night and day, he was in the mountains, and in the tombs, crying, and cutting himself with stones."
Aspect22, Mark 5:7 "And cried with a loud voice, and said, What have I to do with thee, Jesus, thou Son of the most high God? I adjure thee by God, that thou torment me not."
Aspect22, Mark 5:23 "And besought him greatly, saying, My little daughter lieth at the point of death: I pray thee, come and lay thy hands on her, that she may be healed; and she shall live."
Aspect22, Mark 6:14 "And king Herod heard of him; (for his name was spread abroad:) and he said, That John the Baptist was risen from the dead, and therefore mighty works do shew forth themselves in him."
Aspect22, Mark 8:13 "And he left them, and entering into the ship again departed to the other side."
Aspect22, Mark 8:25 "After that he put his hands again upon his eyes, and made him look up: and he was restored, and saw every man clearly."
Aspect22, Mark 9:5 "And Peter answered and said to Jesus, Master, it is good for us to be here: and let us make three tabernacles; one for thee, and one for Moses, and one for Elias."
Aspect22, Mark 9:31 "For he taught his disciples, and said unto them, The Son of man is delivered into the hands of men, and they shall kill him; and after that he is killed, he shall rise the third day."
Aspect22, Mark 9:43 "And if thy hand offend thee, cut it off: it is better for thee to enter into life maimed, than having two hands to go into hell, into the fire that never shall be quenched:"
Aspect22, Mark 9:45 "And if thy foot offend thee, cut it off: it is better for thee to enter halt into life, than having two feet to be cast into hell, into the fire that never shall be quenched:"
Aspect22, Mark 9:47 "And if thine eye offend thee, pluck it out: it is better for thee to enter into the kingdom of God with one eye, than having two eyes to be cast into hell fire:"
Aspect22, Mark 10:28 "Then Peter began to say unto him, Lo, we have left all, and have followed thee."
Aspect22, Mark 10:49 "And Jesus stood still, and commanded him to be called. And they call the blind man, saying unto him, Be of good comfort, rise; he calleth thee."
Aspect22, Mark 10:52 "And Jesus said unto him, Go thy way; thy faith hath made thee whole. And immediately he received his sight, and followed Jesus in the way."
Aspect22, Mark 11:14 "And Jesus answered and said unto it, No man eat fruit of thee hereafter for ever. And his disciples heard it."
Aspect22, Mark 12:8 "And they took him, and killed him, and cast him out of the vineyard."
Aspect22, Mark 14:31 "But he spake the more vehemently, If I should die with thee, I will not deny thee in any wise. Likewise also said they all."
Aspect22, Luke 1:13 "But the angel said unto him, Fear not, Zacharias: for thy prayer is heard; and thy wife Elisabeth shall bear thee a son, and thou shalt call his name John."
Aspect22, Luke 1:19 "And the angel answering said unto him, I am Gabriel, that stand in the presence of God; and am sent to speak unto thee, and to shew thee these glad tidings."
Aspect22, Luke 1:35 "And the angel answered and said unto her, The Holy Ghost shall come upon thee, and the power of the Highest shall overshadow thee: therefore also that holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son of God."
Aspect22, Luke 1:80 "And the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, and was in the deserts till the day of his shewing unto Israel."
Aspect22, Luke 2:14 "Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men."
Aspect22, Luke 4:10 "For it is written, He shall give his angels charge over thee, to keep thee:"
Aspect22, Luke 4:11 "And in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone."
Aspect22, Luke 4:40 "Now when the sun was setting, all they that had any sick with divers diseases brought them unto him; and he laid his hands on every one of them, and healed them."
Aspect22, Luke 5:13 "And he put forth his hand, and touched him, saying, I will: be thou clean. And immediately the leprosy departed from him."
Aspect22, Luke 5:19 "And when they could not find by what way they might bring him in because of the multitude, they went upon the housetop, and let him down through the tiling with his couch into the midst before Jesus."
Aspect22, Luke 5:28 "And he left all, rose up, and followed him."
Aspect22, Luke 6:7 "And the scribes and Pharisees watched him, whether he would heal on the sabbath day; that they might find an accusation against him."
Aspect22, Luke 6:30 "Give to every man that asketh of thee; and of him that taketh away thy goods ask them not again."
Aspect22, Luke 6:43 "For a good tree bringeth not forth corrupt fruit; neither doth a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit."
Aspect22, Luke 6:45 "A good man out of the good treasure of his heart bringeth forth that which is good; and an evil man out of the evil treasure of his heart bringeth forth that which is evil: for of the abundance of the heart his mouth speaketh."
Aspect22, Luke 7:27 "This is he, of whom it is written, Behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way before thee."
Aspect22, Luke 7:29 "And all the people that heard him, and the publicans, justified God, being baptized with the baptism of John."
Aspect22, Luke 8:28 "When he saw Jesus, he cried out, and fell down before him, and with a loud voice said, What have I to do with thee, Jesus, thou Son of God most high? I beseech thee, torment me not."
Aspect22, Luke 9:31 "Who appeared in glory, and spake of his decease which he should accomplish at Jerusalem."
Aspect22, Luke 9:38 "And, behold, a man of the company cried out, saying, Master, I beseech thee, look upon my son: for he is mine only child."
Aspect22, Luke 9:43 "And they were all amazed at the mighty power of God. But while they wondered every one at all things which Jesus did, he said unto his disciples,"
Aspect22, Luke 10:3 "Go your ways: behold, I send you forth as lambs among wolves."
Aspect22, Luke 10:35 "And on the morrow when he departed, he took out two pence, and gave them to the host, and said unto him, Take care of him; and whatsoever thou spendest more, when I come again, I will repay thee."
Aspect22, Luke 11:7 "And he from within shall answer and say, Trouble me not: the door is now shut, and my children are with me in bed; I cannot rise and give thee."
Aspect22, Luke 11:35 "Take heed therefore that the light which is in thee be not darkness."
Aspect22, Luke 13:7 "Then said he unto the dresser of his vineyard, Behold, these three years I come seeking fruit on this fig tree, and find none: cut it down; why cumbereth it the ground?"
Aspect22, Luke 13:29 "And they shall come from the east, and from the west, and from the north, and from the south, and shall sit down in the kingdom of God."
Aspect22, Luke 13:31 "The same day there came certain of the Pharisees, saying unto him, Get thee out, and depart hence: for Herod will kill thee."
Aspect22, Luke 14:9 "And he that bade thee and him come and say to thee, Give this man place; and thou begin with shame to take the lowest room."
Aspect22, Luke 15:22 "But the father said to his servants, Bring forth the best robe, and put it on him; and put a ring on his hand, and shoes on his feet:"
Aspect22, Luke 16:2 "And he called him, and said unto him, How is it that I hear this of thee? give an account of thy stewardship; for thou mayest be no longer steward."
Aspect22, Luke 17:3 "Take heed to yourselves: If thy brother trespass against thee, rebuke him; and if he repent, forgive him."
Aspect22, Luke 17:4 "And if he trespass against thee seven times in a day, and seven times in a day turn again to thee, saying, I repent; thou shalt forgive him."
Aspect22, Luke 17:34 "I tell you, in that night there shall be two men in one bed; the one shall be taken, and the other shall be left."
Aspect22, Luke 18:11 "The Pharisee stood and prayed thus with himself, God, I thank thee, that I am not as other men are, extortioners, unjust, adulterers, or even as this publican."
Aspect22, Luke 18:28 "Then Peter said, Lo, we have left all, and followed thee."
Aspect22, Luke 19:43 "For the days shall come upon thee, that thine enemies shall cast a trench about thee, and compass thee round, and keep thee in on every side,"
Aspect22, Luke 19:44 "And shall lay thee even with the ground, and thy children within thee; and they shall not leave in thee one stone upon another; because thou knewest not the time of thy visitation."
Aspect22, Luke 20:2 "And spake unto him, saying, Tell us, by what authority doest thou these things? or who is he that gave thee this authority?"
Aspect22, Luke 20:15 "So they cast him out of the vineyard, and killed him. What therefore shall the lord of the vineyard do unto them?"
Aspect22, Luke 21:30 "When they now shoot forth, ye see and know of your own selves that summer is now nigh at hand."
Aspect22, Luke 22:5 "And they were glad, and covenanted to give him money."
Aspect22, Luke 22:32 "But I have prayed for thee, that thy faith fail not: and when thou art converted, strengthen thy brethren."
Aspect22, Luke 22:64 "And when they had blindfolded him, they struck him on the face, and asked him, saying, Prophesy, who is it that smote thee?"
Aspect22, Luke 23:44 "And it was about the sixth hour, and there was a darkness over all the earth until the ninth hour."
Aspect22, John 1:50 "Jesus answered and said unto him, Because I said unto thee, I saw thee under the fig tree, believest thou? thou shalt see greater things than these."
Aspect22, John 2:23 "Now when he was in Jerusalem at the passover, in the feast day, many believed in his name, when they saw the miracles which he did."
Aspect22, John 5:9 "And immediately the man was made whole, and took up his bed, and walked: and on the same day was the sabbath."
Aspect22, John 5:10 "The Jews therefore said unto him that was cured, It is the sabbath day: it is not lawful for thee to carry thy bed."
Aspect22, John 5:12 "Then asked they him, What man is that which said unto thee, Take up thy bed, and walk?"
Aspect22, John 6:40 "And this is the will of him that sent me, that every one which seeth the Son, and believeth on him, may have everlasting life: and I will raise him up at the last day."
Aspect22, John 6:54 "Whoso eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, hath eternal life; and I will raise him up at the last day."
Aspect22, John 7:20 "The people answered and said, Thou hast a devil: who goeth about to kill thee?"
Aspect22, John 8:10 "When Jesus had lifted up himself, and saw none but the woman, he said unto her, Woman, where are those thine accusers? hath no man condemned thee?"
Aspect22, John 9:26 "Then said they to him again, What did he to thee? how opened he thine eyes?"
Aspect22, John 10:17 "Therefore doth my Father love me, because I lay down my life, that I might take it again."
Aspect22, John 11:22 "But I know, that even now, whatsoever thou wilt ask of God, God will give it thee."
Aspect22, John 11:41 "Then they took away the stone from the place where the dead was laid. And Jesus lifted up his eyes, and said, Father, I thank thee that thou hast heard me."
Aspect22, John 11:53 "Then from that day forth they took counsel together for to put him to death."
Aspect22, John 13:24 "Simon Peter therefore beckoned to him, that he should ask who it should be of whom he spake."
Aspect22, John 16:26 "At that day ye shall ask in my name: and I say not unto you, that I will pray the Father for you:"
Aspect22, John 17:4 "I have glorified thee on the earth: I have finished the work which thou gavest me to do."
Aspect22, John 17:5 "And now, O Father, glorify thou me with thine own self with the glory which I had with thee before the world was."
Aspect22, John 17:7 "Now they have known that all things whatsoever thou hast given me are of thee."
Aspect22, John 17:11 "And now I am no more in the world, but these are in the world, and I come to thee. Holy Father, keep through thine own name those whom thou hast given me, that they may be one, as we are."
Aspect22, John 18:26 "One of the servants of the high priest, being his kinsman whose ear Peter cut off, saith, Did not I see thee in the garden with him?"
Aspect22, John 19:4 "Pilate therefore went forth again, and saith unto them, Behold, I bring him forth to you, that ye may know that I find no fault in him."
Aspect22, John 19:11 "Jesus answered, Thou couldest have no power at all against me, except it were given thee from above: therefore he that delivered me unto thee hath the greater sin."
Aspect22, John 21:22 "Jesus saith unto him, If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to thee? follow thou me."
Aspect22, John 21:23 "Then went this saying abroad among the brethren, that that disciple should not die: yet Jesus said not unto him, He shall not die; but, If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to thee?"
Aspect22, Acts 3:6 "Then Peter said, Silver and gold have I none; but such as I have give I thee: In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth rise up and walk."
Aspect22, Acts 4:31 "And when they had prayed, the place was shaken where they were assembled together; and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and they spake the word of God with boldness."
Aspect22, Acts 5:17 "Then the high priest rose up, and all they that were with him, (which is the sect of the Sadducees,) and were filled with indignation,"
Aspect22, Acts 6:6 "Whom they set before the apostles: and when they had prayed, they laid their hands on them."
Aspect22, Acts 7:3 "And said unto him, Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and come into the land which I shall shew thee."
Aspect22, Acts 7:6 "And God spake on this wise, That his seed should sojourn in a strange land; and that they should bring them into bondage, and entreat them evil four hundred years."
Aspect22, Acts 7:14 "Then sent Joseph, and called his father Jacob to him, and all his kindred, threescore and fifteen souls."
Aspect22, Acts 7:35 "This Moses whom they refused, saying, Who made thee a ruler and a judge? the same did God send to be a ruler and a deliverer by the hand of the angel which appeared to him in the bush."
Aspect22, Acts 8:17 "Then laid they their hands on them, and they received the Holy Ghost."
Aspect22, Acts 8:18 "And when Simon saw that through laying on of the apostles' hands the Holy Ghost was given, he offered them money,"
Aspect22, Acts 8:20 "But Peter said unto him, Thy money perish with thee, because thou hast thought that the gift of God may be purchased with money."
Aspect22, Acts 8:22 "Repent therefore of this thy wickedness, and pray God, if perhaps the thought of thine heart may be forgiven thee."
Aspect22, Acts 9:34 "And Peter said unto him, Aeneas, Jesus Christ maketh thee whole: arise, and make thy bed. And he arose immediately."
Aspect22, Acts 9:40 "But Peter put them all forth, and kneeled down, and prayed; and turning him to the body said, Tabitha, arise. And she opened her eyes: and when she saw Peter, she sat up."
Aspect22, Acts 10:6 "He lodgeth with one Simon a tanner, whose house is by the sea side: he shall tell thee what thou oughtest to do."
Aspect22, Acts 10:7 "And when the angel which spake unto Cornelius was departed, he called two of his household servants, and a devout soldier of them that waited on him continually;"
Aspect22, Acts 10:12 "Wherein were all manner of fourfooted beasts of the earth, and wild beasts, and creeping things, and fowls of the air."
Aspect22, Acts 10:20 "Arise therefore, and get thee down, and go with them, doubting nothing: for I have sent them."
Aspect22, Acts 10:22 "And they said, Cornelius the centurion, a just man, and one that feareth God, and of good report among all the nation of the Jews, was warned from God by an holy angel to send for thee into his house, and to hear words of thee."
Aspect22, Acts 10:32 "Send therefore to Joppa, and call hither Simon, whose surname is Peter; he is lodged in the house of one Simon a tanner by the sea side: who, when he cometh, shall speak unto thee."
Aspect22, Acts 10:33 "Immediately therefore I sent to thee; and thou hast well done that thou art come. Now therefore are we all here present before God, to hear all things that are commanded thee of God."
Aspect22, Acts 12:1 "Now about that time Herod the king stretched forth his hands to vex certain of the church."
Aspect22, Acts 13:18 "And about the time of forty years suffered he their manners in the wilderness."
Aspect22, Acts 15:28 "For it seemed good to the Holy Ghost, and to us, to lay upon you no greater burden than these necessary things;"
Aspect22, Acts 17:32 "And when they heard of the resurrection of the dead, some mocked: and others said, We will hear thee again of this matter."
Aspect22, Acts 18:10 "For I am with thee, and no man shall set on thee to hurt thee: for I have much people in this city."
Aspect22, Acts 19:40 "For we are in danger to be called in question for this day's uproar, there being no cause whereby we may give an account of this concourse."
Aspect22, Acts 21:23 "Do therefore this that we say to thee: We have four men which have a vow on them;"
Aspect22, Acts 21:26 "Then Paul took the men, and the next day purifying himself with them entered into the temple, to signify the accomplishment of the days of purification, until that an offering should be offered for every one of them."
Aspect22, Acts 21:39 "But Paul said, I am a man which am a Jew of Tarsus, a city in Cilicia, a citizen of no mean city: and, I beseech thee, suffer me to speak unto the people."
Aspect22, Acts 22:9 "And they that were with me saw indeed the light, and were afraid; but they heard not the voice of him that spake to me."
Aspect22, Acts 22:18 "And saw him saying unto me, Make haste, and get thee quickly out of Jerusalem: for they will not receive thy testimony concerning me."
Aspect22, Acts 22:19 "And I said, Lord, they know that I imprisoned and beat in every synagogue them that believed on thee:"
Aspect22, Acts 23:1 "And Paul, earnestly beholding the council, said, Men and brethren, I have lived in all good conscience before God until this day."
Aspect22, Acts 23:20 "And he said, The Jews have agreed to desire thee that thou wouldest bring down Paul to morrow into the council, as though they would enquire somewhat of him more perfectly."
Aspect22, Acts 23:30 "And when it was told me how that the Jews laid wait for the man, I sent straightway to thee, and gave commandment to his accusers also to say before thee what they had against him. Farewell."
Aspect22, Acts 23:35 "I will hear thee, said he, when thine accusers are also come. And he commanded him to be kept in Herod's judgment hall."
Aspect22, Acts 24:2 "And when he was called forth, Tertullus began to accuse him, saying, Seeing that by thee we enjoy great quietness, and that very worthy deeds are done unto this nation by thy providence,"
Aspect22, Acts 24:4 "Notwithstanding, that I be not further tedious unto thee, I pray thee that thou wouldest hear us of thy clemency a few words."
Aspect22, Acts 24:8 "Commanding his accusers to come unto thee: by examining of whom thyself mayest take knowledge of all these things, whereof we accuse him."
Aspect22, Acts 24:14 "But this I confess unto thee, that after the way which they call heresy, so worship I the God of my fathers, believing all things which are written in the law and in the prophets:"
Aspect22, Acts 24:19 "Who ought to have been here before thee, and object, if they had ought against me."
Aspect22, Acts 25:26 "Of whom I have no certain thing to write unto my lord. Wherefore I have brought him forth before you, and specially before thee, O king Agrippa, that, after examination had, I might have somewhat to write."
Aspect22, Acts 26:2 "I think myself happy, king Agrippa, because I shall answer for myself this day before thee touching all the things whereof I am accused of the Jews:"
Aspect22, Acts 26:3 "Especially because I know thee to be expert in all customs and questions which are among the Jews: wherefore I beseech thee to hear me patiently."
Aspect22, Acts 26:14 "And when we were all fallen to the earth, I heard a voice speaking unto me, and saying in the Hebrew tongue, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me? it is hard for thee to kick against the pricks."
Aspect22, Acts 26:16 "But rise, and stand upon thy feet: for I have appeared unto thee for this purpose, to make thee a minister and a witness both of these things which thou hast seen, and of those things in the which I will appear unto thee;"
Aspect22, Acts 26:17 "Delivering thee from the people, and from the Gentiles, unto whom now I send thee,"
Aspect22, Acts 27:18 "And we being exceedingly tossed with a tempest, the next day they lightened the ship;"
Aspect22, Acts 27:19 "And the third day we cast out with our own hands the tackling of the ship."
Aspect22, Acts 27:24 "Saying, Fear not, Paul; thou must be brought before Caesar: and, lo, God hath given thee all them that sail with thee."
Aspect22, Acts 27:32 "Then the soldiers cut off the ropes of the boat, and let her fall off."
Aspect22, Acts 27:38 "And when they had eaten enough, they lightened the ship, and cast out the wheat into the sea."
Aspect22, Acts 28:21 "And they said unto him, We neither received letters out of Judaea concerning thee, neither any of the brethren that came shewed or spake any harm of thee."
Aspect22, Acts 28:22 "But we desire to hear of thee what thou thinkest: for as concerning this sect, we know that every where it is spoken against."
Aspect22, Romans 2:4 "Or despisest thou the riches of his goodness and forbearance and longsuffering; not knowing that the goodness of God leadeth thee to repentance?"
Aspect22, Romans 2:11 "For there is no respect of persons with God."
Aspect22, Romans 2:16 "In the day when God shall judge the secrets of men by Jesus Christ according to my gospel."
Aspect22, Romans 2:27 "And shall not uncircumcision which is by nature, if it fulfil the law, judge thee, who by the letter and circumcision dost transgress the law?"
Aspect22, Romans 8:5 "For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh; but they that are after the Spirit the things of the Spirit."
Aspect22, Romans 9:17 "For the scripture saith unto Pharaoh, Even for this same purpose have I raised thee up, that I might shew my power in thee, and that my name might be declared throughout all the earth."
Aspect22, Romans 10:4 "For Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to every one that believeth."
Aspect22, Romans 10:21 "But to Israel he saith, All day long I have stretched forth my hands unto a disobedient and gainsaying people."
Aspect22, Romans 13:4 "For he is the minister of God to thee for good. But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid; for he beareth not the sword in vain: for he is the minister of God, a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil."
Aspect22, Romans 14:5 "One man esteemeth one day above another: another esteemeth every day alike. Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind."
Aspect22, Romans 14:12 "So then every one of us shall give account of himself to God."
Aspect22, Romans 15:2 "Let every one of us please his neighbour for his good to edification."
Aspect22, Romans 15:9 "And that the Gentiles might glorify God for his mercy; as it is written, For this cause I will confess to thee among the Gentiles, and sing unto thy name."
Aspect22, 1 Corinthians 6:18 "Flee fornication. Every sin that a man doeth is without the body; but he that committeth fornication sinneth against his own body."
Aspect22, 1 Corinthians 7:20 "Let every man abide in the same calling wherein he was called."
Aspect22, 1 Corinthians 7:24 "Brethren, let every man, wherein he is called, therein abide with God."
Aspect22, 1 Corinthians 8:10 "For if any man see thee which hast knowledge sit at meat in the idol's temple, shall not the conscience of him which is weak be emboldened to eat those things which are offered to idols;"
Aspect22, 1 Corinthians 12:11 "But all these worketh that one and the selfsame Spirit, dividing to every man severally as he will."
Aspect22, 1 Corinthians 12:21 "And the eye cannot say unto the hand, I have no need of thee: nor again the head to the feet, I have no need of you."
Aspect22, 1 Corinthians 15:10 "But by the grace of God I am what I am: and his grace which was bestowed upon me was not in vain; but I laboured more abundantly than they all: yet not I, but the grace of God which was with me."
Aspect22, 1 Corinthians 16:11 "Let no man therefore despise him: but conduct him forth in peace, that he may come unto me: for I look for him with the brethren."
Aspect22, 2 Corinthians 4:8 "We are troubled on every side, yet not distressed; we are perplexed, but not in despair;"
Aspect22, 2 Corinthians 4:16 "For which cause we faint not; but though our outward man perish, yet the inward man is renewed day by day."
Aspect22, 2 Corinthians 6:2 "(For he saith, I have heard thee in a time accepted, and in the day of salvation have I succoured thee: behold, now is the accepted time; behold, now is the day of salvation.)"
Aspect22, 2 Corinthians 7:1 "Having therefore these promises, dearly beloved, let us cleanse ourselves from all filthiness of the flesh and spirit, perfecting holiness in the fear of God."
Aspect22, 2 Corinthians 8:16 "But thanks be to God, which put the same earnest care into the heart of Titus for you."
Aspect22, 2 Corinthians 11:25 "Thrice was I beaten with rods, once was I stoned, thrice I suffered shipwreck, a night and a day I have been in the deep;"
Aspect22, 2 Corinthians 12:9 "And he said unto me, My grace is sufficient for thee: for my strength is made perfect in weakness. Most gladly therefore will I rather glory in my infirmities, that the power of Christ may rest upon me."
Aspect22, 2 Corinthians 12:18 "I desired Titus, and with him I sent a brother. Did Titus make a gain of you? walked we not in the same spirit? walked we not in the same steps?"
Aspect22, 2 Corinthians 13:11 "Finally, brethren, farewell. Be perfect, be of good comfort, be of one mind, live in peace; and the God of love and peace shall be with you."
Aspect22, Galatians 3:8 "And the scripture, foreseeing that God would justify the heathen through faith, preached before the gospel unto Abraham, saying, In thee shall all nations be blessed."
Aspect22, Ephesians 4:23 "And be renewed in the spirit of your mind;"
Aspect22, Ephesians 6:6 "Not with eyeservice, as menpleasers; but as the servants of Christ, doing the will of God from the heart;"
Aspect22, Philippians 1:3 "I thank my God upon every remembrance of you,"
Aspect22, Philippians 2:16 "Holding forth the word of life; that I may rejoice in the day of Christ, that I have not run in vain, neither laboured in vain."
Aspect22, Philippians 4:20 "Now unto God and our Father be glory for ever and ever. Amen."
Aspect22, Colossians 1:15 "Who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature:"
Aspect22, Colossians 3:10 "And have put on the new man, which is renewed in knowledge after the image of him that created him:"
Aspect22, 1 Thessalonians 1:2 "We give thanks to God always for you all, making mention of you in our prayers;"
Aspect22, 2 Thessalonians 2:2 "That ye be not soon shaken in mind, or be troubled, neither by spirit, nor by word, nor by letter as from us, as that the day of Christ is at hand."
Aspect22, 1 Timothy 1:18 "This charge I commit unto thee, son Timothy, according to the prophecies which went before on thee, that thou by them mightest war a good warfare;"
Aspect22, 1 Timothy 3:14 "These things write I unto thee, hoping to come unto thee shortly:"
Aspect22, 1 Timothy 4:14 "Neglect not the gift that is in thee, which was given thee by prophecy, with the laying on of the hands of the presbytery."
Aspect22, 1 Timothy 5:5 "Now she that is a widow indeed, and desolate, trusteth in God, and continueth in supplications and prayers night and day."
Aspect22, 1 Timothy 6:13 "I give thee charge in the sight of God, who quickeneth all things, and before Christ Jesus, who before Pontius Pilate witnessed a good confession;"
Aspect22, 1 Timothy 6:21 "Which some professing have erred concerning the faith. Grace be with thee. Amen."
Aspect22, 2 Timothy 1:3 "I thank God, whom I serve from my forefathers with pure conscience, that without ceasing I have remembrance of thee in my prayers night and day;"
Aspect22, 2 Timothy 1:4 "Greatly desiring to see thee, being mindful of thy tears, that I may be filled with joy;"
Aspect22, 2 Timothy 1:5 "When I call to remembrance the unfeigned faith that is in thee, which dwelt first in thy grandmother Lois, and thy mother Eunice; and I am persuaded that in thee also."
Aspect22, 2 Timothy 1:6 "Wherefore I put thee in remembrance that thou stir up the gift of God, which is in thee by the putting on of my hands."
Aspect22, 2 Timothy 1:14 "That good thing which was committed unto thee keep by the Holy Ghost which dwelleth in us."
Aspect22, 2 Timothy 4:1 "I charge thee therefore before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall judge the quick and the dead at his appearing and his kingdom;"
Aspect22, 2 Timothy 4:11 "Only Luke is with me. Take Mark, and bring him with thee: for he is profitable to me for the ministry."
Aspect22, 2 Timothy 4:13 "The cloke that I left at Troas with Carpus, when thou comest, bring with thee, and the books, but especially the parchments."
Aspect22, 2 Timothy 4:21 "Do thy diligence to come before winter. Eubulus greeteth thee, and Pudens, and Linus, and Claudia, and all the brethren."
Aspect22, Titus 1:2 "In hope of eternal life, which God, that cannot lie, promised before the world began;"
Aspect22, Titus 1:5 "For this cause left I thee in Crete, that thou shouldest set in order the things that are wanting, and ordain elders in every city, as I had appointed thee:"
Aspect22, Titus 3:4 "But after that the kindness and love of God our Saviour toward man appeared,"
Aspect22, Titus 3:15 "All that are with me salute thee. Greet them that love us in the faith. Grace be with you all. Amen."
Aspect22, Philemon 1:4 "I thank my God, making mention of thee always in my prayers,"
Aspect22, Philemon 1:7 "For we have great joy and consolation in thy love, because the bowels of the saints are refreshed by thee, brother."
Aspect22, Philemon 1:9 "Yet for love's sake I rather beseech thee, being such an one as Paul the aged, and now also a prisoner of Jesus Christ."
Aspect22, Philemon 1:11 "Which in time past was to thee unprofitable, but now profitable to thee and to me:"
Aspect22, Philemon 1:18 "If he hath wronged thee, or oweth thee ought, put that on mine account;"
Aspect22, Philemon 1:23 "There salute thee Epaphras, my fellowprisoner in Christ Jesus;"
Aspect22, Hebrews 1:9 "Thou hast loved righteousness, and hated iniquity; therefore God, even thy God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows."
Aspect22, Hebrews 6:7 "For the earth which drinketh in the rain that cometh oft upon it, and bringeth forth herbs meet for them by whom it is dressed, receiveth blessing from God:"
Aspect22, Hebrews 6:14 "Saying, Surely blessing I will bless thee, and multiplying I will multiply thee."
Aspect22, Hebrews 6:18 "That by two immutable things, in which it was impossible for God to lie, we might have a strong consolation, who have fled for refuge to lay hold upon the hope set before us:"
Aspect22, Hebrews 7:3 "Without father, without mother, without descent, having neither beginning of days, nor end of life; but made like unto the Son of God; abideth a priest continually."
Aspect22, Hebrews 7:15 "And it is yet far more evident: for that after the similitude of Melchisedec there ariseth another priest,"
Aspect22, Hebrews 9:24 "For Christ is not entered into the holy places made with hands, which are the figures of the true; but into heaven itself, now to appear in the presence of God for us:"
Aspect22, Hebrews 9:25 "Nor yet that he should offer himself often, as the high priest entereth into the holy place every year with blood of others;"
Aspect22, Hebrews 10:31 "It is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God."
Aspect22, Hebrews 13:5 "Let your conversation be without covetousness; and be content with such things as ye have: for he hath said, I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee."
Aspect22, James 1:15 "Then when lust hath conceived, it bringeth forth sin: and sin, when it is finished, bringeth forth death."
Aspect22, James 1:27 "Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this, To visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world."
Aspect22, 1 Peter 2:16 "As free, and not using your liberty for a cloke of maliciousness, but as the servants of God."
Aspect22, 1 Peter 2:17 "Honour all men. Love the brotherhood. Fear God. Honour the king."
Aspect22, 1 Peter 4:16 "Yet if any man suffer as a Christian, let him not be ashamed; but let him glorify God on this behalf."
Aspect22, 1 Peter 5:10 "But the God of all grace, who hath called us unto his eternal glory by Christ Jesus, after that ye have suffered a while, make you perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you."
Aspect22, 2 Peter 3:7 "But the heavens and the earth, which are now, by the same word are kept in store, reserved unto fire against the day of judgment and perdition of ungodly men."
Aspect22, 2 Peter 3:13 "Nevertheless we, according to his promise, look for new heavens and a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness."
Aspect22, 1 John 1:1 "That which was from the beginning, which we have heard, which we have seen with our eyes, which we have looked upon, and our hands have handled, of the Word of life;"
Aspect22, 1 John 3:9 "Whosoever is born of God doth not commit sin; for his seed remaineth in him: and he cannot sin, because he is born of God."
Aspect22, 1 John 3:16 "Hereby perceive we the love of God, because he laid down his life for us: and we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren."
Aspect22, 1 John 4:2 "Hereby know ye the Spirit of God: Every spirit that confesseth that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is of God:"
Aspect22, 1 John 4:7 "Beloved, let us love one another: for love is of God; and every one that loveth is born of God, and knoweth God."
Aspect22, 2 John 1:5 "And now I beseech thee, lady, not as though I wrote a new commandment unto thee, but that which we had from the beginning, that we love one another."
Aspect22, 3 John 1:3 "For I rejoiced greatly, when the brethren came and testified of the truth that is in thee, even as thou walkest in the truth."
Aspect22, 3 John 1:13 "I had many things to write, but I will not with ink and pen write unto thee:"
Aspect22, 3 John 1:14 "But I trust I shall shortly see thee, and we shall speak face to face. Peace be to thee. Our friends salute thee. Greet the friends by name."
Aspect22, Jude 1:22 "And of some have compassion, making a difference:"
Aspect22, Revelation 2:20 "Notwithstanding I have a few things against thee, because thou sufferest that woman Jezebel, which calleth herself a prophetess, to teach and to seduce my servants to commit fornication, and to eat things sacrificed unto idols."
Aspect22, Revelation 3:8 "I know thy works: behold, I have set before thee an open door, and no man can shut it: for thou hast a little strength, and hast kept my word, and hast not denied my name."
Aspect22, Revelation 3:9 "Behold, I will make them of the synagogue of Satan, which say they are Jews, and are not, but do lie; behold, I will make them to come and worship before thy feet, and to know that I have loved thee."
Aspect22, Revelation 6:15 "And the kings of the earth, and the great men, and the rich men, and the chief captains, and the mighty men, and every bondman, and every free man, hid themselves in the dens and in the rocks of the mountains;"
Aspect22, Revelation 7:2 "And I saw another angel ascending from the east, having the seal of the living God: and he cried with a loud voice to the four angels, to whom it was given to hurt the earth and the sea,"
Aspect22, Revelation 8:10 "And the third angel sounded, and there fell a great star from heaven, burning as it were a lamp, and it fell upon the third part of the rivers, and upon the fountains of waters;"
Aspect22, Revelation 8:13 "And I beheld, and heard an angel flying through the midst of heaven, saying with a loud voice, Woe, woe, woe, to the inhabiters of the earth by reason of the other voices of the trumpet of the three angels, which are yet to sound!"
Aspect22, Revelation 9:1 "And the fifth angel sounded, and I saw a star fall from heaven unto the earth: and to him was given the key of the bottomless pit."
Aspect22, Revelation 9:13 "And the sixth angel sounded, and I heard a voice from the four horns of the golden altar which is before God,"
Aspect22, Revelation 11:2 "But the court which is without the temple leave out, and measure it not; for it is given unto the Gentiles: and the holy city shall they tread under foot forty and two months."
Aspect22, Revelation 11:17 "Saying, We give thee thanks, O LORD God Almighty, which art, and wast, and art to come; because thou hast taken to thee thy great power, and hast reigned."
Aspect22, Revelation 12:1 "And there appeared a great wonder in heaven; a woman clothed with the sun, and the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown of twelve stars:"
Aspect22, Revelation 12:10 "And I heard a loud voice saying in heaven, Now is come salvation, and strength, and the kingdom of our God, and the power of his Christ: for the accuser of our brethren is cast down, which accused them before our God day and night."
Aspect22, Revelation 12:13 "And when the dragon saw that he was cast unto the earth, he persecuted the woman which brought forth the man child."
Aspect22, Revelation 14:7 "Saying with a loud voice, Fear God, and give glory to him; for the hour of his judgment is come: and worship him that made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and the fountains of waters."
Aspect22, Revelation 14:19 "And the angel thrust in his sickle into the earth, and gathered the vine of the earth, and cast it into the great winepress of the wrath of God."
Aspect22, Revelation 15:4 "Who shall not fear thee, O Lord, and glorify thy name? for thou only art holy: for all nations shall come and worship before thee; for thy judgments are made manifest."
Aspect22, Revelation 16:14 "For they are the spirits of devils, working miracles, which go forth unto the kings of the earth and of the whole world, to gather them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty."
Aspect22, Revelation 18:2 "And he cried mightily with a strong voice, saying, Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen, and is become the habitation of devils, and the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird."
Aspect22, Revelation 18:14 "And the fruits that thy soul lusted after are departed from thee, and all things which were dainty and goodly are departed from thee, and thou shalt find them no more at all."
Aspect22, Revelation 18:21 "And a mighty angel took up a stone like a great millstone, and cast it into the sea, saying, Thus with violence shall that great city Babylon be thrown down, and shall be found no more at all."
Aspect22, Revelation 18:22 "And the voice of harpers, and musicians, and of pipers, and trumpeters, shall be heard no more at all in thee; and no craftsman, of whatsoever craft he be, shall be found any more in thee; and the sound of a millstone shall be heard no more at all in thee;"
Aspect22, Revelation 18:23 "And the light of a candle shall shine no more at all in thee; and the voice of the bridegroom and of the bride shall be heard no more at all in thee: for thy merchants were the great men of the earth; for by thy sorceries were all nations deceived."
Aspect22, Revelation 21:17 "And he measured the wall thereof, an hundred and forty and four cubits, according to the measure of a man, that is, of the angel."
Aspect22, Revelation 21:23 "And the city had no need of the sun, neither of the moon, to shine in it: for the glory of God did lighten it, and the Lamb is the light thereof."
Aspect22, Revelation 21:25 "And the gates of it shall not be shut at all by day: for there shall be no night there."
Aspect22, Revelation 22:4 "And they shall see his face; and his name shall be in their foreheads."
