Aspect0, Genesis 5:6 "And Seth lived an hundred and five years, and begat Enos:"
Aspect0, Genesis 5:9 "And Enos lived ninety years, and begat Cainan:"
Aspect0, Genesis 5:12 "And Cainan lived seventy years and begat Mahalaleel:"
Aspect0, Genesis 5:13 "And Cainan lived after he begat Mahalaleel eight hundred and forty years, and begat sons and daughters:"
Aspect0, Genesis 5:15 "And Mahalaleel lived sixty and five years, and begat Jared:"
Aspect0, Genesis 5:16 "And Mahalaleel lived after he begat Jared eight hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters:"
Aspect0, Genesis 9:21 "And he drank of the wine, and was drunken; and he was uncovered within his tent."
Aspect0, Genesis 10:5 "By these were the isles of the Gentiles divided in their lands; every one after his tongue, after their families, in their nations."
Aspect0, Genesis 10:6 "And the sons of Ham; Cush, and Mizraim, and Phut, and Canaan."
Aspect0, Genesis 10:13 "And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim,"
Aspect0, Genesis 10:27 "And Hadoram, and Uzal, and Diklah,"
Aspect0, Genesis 11:11 "And Shem lived after he begat Arphaxad five hundred years, and begat sons and daughters."
Aspect0, Genesis 11:12 "And Arphaxad lived five and thirty years, and begat Salah:"
Aspect0, Genesis 11:14 "And Salah lived thirty years, and begat Eber:"
Aspect0, Genesis 11:16 "And Eber lived four and thirty years, and begat Peleg:"
Aspect0, Genesis 11:17 "And Eber lived after he begat Peleg four hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters."
Aspect0, Genesis 11:18 "And Peleg lived thirty years, and begat Reu:"
Aspect0, Genesis 11:20 "And Reu lived two and thirty years, and begat Serug:"
Aspect0, Genesis 11:22 "And Serug lived thirty years, and begat Nahor:"
Aspect0, Genesis 19:25 "And he overthrew those cities, and all the plain, and all the inhabitants of the cities, and that which grew upon the ground."
Aspect0, Genesis 19:29 "And it came to pass, when God destroyed the cities of the plain, that God remembered Abraham, and sent Lot out of the midst of the overthrow, when he overthrew the cities in the which Lot dwelt."
Aspect0, Genesis 22:17 "That in blessing I will bless thee, and in multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the stars of the heaven, and as the sand which is upon the sea shore; and thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemies;"
Aspect0, Genesis 22:23 "And Bethuel begat Rebekah: these eight Milcah did bear to Nahor, Abraham's brother."
Aspect0, Genesis 23:16 "And Abraham hearkened unto Ephron; and Abraham weighed to Ephron the silver, which he had named in the audience of the sons of Heth, four hundred shekels of silver, current money with the merchant."
Aspect0, Genesis 24:28 "And the damsel ran, and told them of her mother's house these things."
Aspect0, Genesis 32:10 "I am not worthy of the least of all the mercies, and of all the truth, which thou hast showed unto thy servant; for with my staff I passed over this Jordan; and now I am become two bands."
Aspect0, Genesis 35:21 "And Israel journeyed, and spread his tent beyond the tower of Edar."
Aspect0, Genesis 35:23 "The sons of Leah; Reuben, Jacob's firstborn, and Simeon, and Levi, and Judah, and Issachar, and Zebulun:"
Aspect0, Genesis 40:11 "And Pharaoh's cup was in my hand: and I took the grapes, and pressed them into Pharaoh's cup, and I gave the cup into Pharaoh's hand."
Aspect0, Genesis 40:17 "And in the uppermost basket there was of all manner of bakemeats for Pharaoh; and the birds did eat them out of the basket upon my head."
Aspect0, Genesis 41:31 "And the plenty shall not be known in the land by reason of that famine following; for it shall be very grievous."
Aspect0, Genesis 41:33 "Now therefore let Pharaoh look out a man discreet and wise, and set him over the land of Egypt."
Aspect0, Genesis 46:13 "And the sons of Issachar; Tola, and Phuvah, and Job, and Shimron."
Aspect0, Genesis 46:21 "And the sons of Benjamin were Belah, and Becher, and Ashbel, Gera, and Naaman, Ehi, and Rosh, Muppim, and Huppim, and Ard."
Aspect0, Genesis 47:20 "And Joseph bought all the land of Egypt for Pharaoh; for the Egyptians sold every man his field, because the famine prevailed over them: so the land became Pharaoh's."
Aspect0, Genesis 48:16 "The Angel which redeemed me from all evil, bless the lads; and let my name be named on them, and the name of my fathers Abraham and Isaac; and let them grow into a multitude in the midst of the earth."
Aspect0, Genesis 49:5 "Simeon and Levi are brethren; instruments of cruelty are in their habitations."
Aspect0, Genesis 49:14 "Issachar is a strong ass couching down between two burdens:"
Aspect0, Genesis 50:3 "And forty days were fulfilled for him; for so are fulfilled the days of those which are embalmed: and the Egyptians mourned for him threescore and ten days."
Aspect0, Exodus 1:2 "Reuben, Simeon, Levi, and Judah,"
Aspect0, Exodus 1:11 "Therefore they did set over them taskmasters to afflict them with their burdens. And they built for Pharaoh treasure cities, Pithom and Raamses."
Aspect0, Exodus 3:2 "And the angel of the LORD appeared unto him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush: and he looked, and, behold, the bush burned with fire, and the bush was not consumed."
Aspect0, Exodus 5:20 "And they met Moses and Aaron, who stood in the way, as they came forth from Pharaoh:"
Aspect0, Exodus 11:5 "And all the firstborn in the land of Egypt shall die, from the first born of Pharaoh that sitteth upon his throne, even unto the firstborn of the maidservant that is behind the mill; and all the firstborn of beasts."
Aspect0, Exodus 14:7 "And he took six hundred chosen chariots, and all the chariots of Egypt, and captains over every one of them."
Aspect0, Exodus 14:9 "But the Egyptians pursued after them, all the horses and chariots of Pharaoh, and his horsemen, and his army, and overtook them encamping by the sea, beside Pihahiroth, before Baalzephon."
Aspect0, Exodus 14:17 "And I, behold, I will harden the hearts of the Egyptians, and they shall follow them: and I will get me honor upon Pharaoh, and upon all his host, upon his chariots, and upon his horsemen."
Aspect0, Exodus 15:8 "And with the blast of thy nostrils the waters were gathered together, the floods stood upright as an heap, and the depths were congealed in the heart of the sea."
Aspect0, Exodus 16:36 "Now an omer is the tenth part of an ephah."
Aspect0, Exodus 19:19 "And when the voice of the trumpet sounded long, and waxed louder and louder, Moses spake, and God answered him by a voice."
Aspect0, Exodus 21:27 "And if he smite out his manservant's tooth, or his maidservant's tooth; he shall let him go free for his tooth's sake."
Aspect0, Exodus 22:22 "Ye shall not afflict any widow, or fatherless child."
Aspect0, Exodus 23:21 "Beware of him, and obey his voice, provoke him not; for he will not pardon your transgressions: for my name is in him."
Aspect0, Exodus 24:10 "And they saw the God of Israel: and there was under his feet as it were a paved work of a sapphire stone, and as it were the body of heaven in his clearness."
Aspect0, Exodus 25:35 "And there shall be a knop under two branches of the same, and a knop under two branches of the same, and a knop under two branches of the same, according to the six branches that proceed out of the candlestick."
Aspect0, Exodus 26:12 "And the remnant that remaineth of the curtains of the tent, the half curtain that remaineth, shall hang over the backside of the tabernacle."
Aspect0, Exodus 26:13 "And a cubit on the one side, and a cubit on the other side of that which remaineth in the length of the curtains of the tent, it shall hang over the sides of the tabernacle on this side and on that side, to cover it."
Aspect0, Exodus 26:25 "And they shall be eight boards, and their sockets of silver, sixteen sockets; two sockets under one board, and two sockets under another board."
Aspect0, Exodus 29:40 "And with the one lamb a tenth deal of flour mingled with the fourth part of an hin of beaten oil; and the fourth part of an hin of wine for a drink offering."
Aspect0, Exodus 30:24 "And of cassia five hundred shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary, and of oil olive an hin:"
Aspect0, Exodus 35:11 "The tabernacle, his tent, and his covering, his taches, and his boards, his bars, his pillars, and his sockets,"
Aspect0, Exodus 35:26 "And all the women whose heart stirred them up in wisdom spun goats' hair."
Aspect0, Exodus 35:28 "And spice, and oil for the light, and for the anointing oil, and for the sweet incense."
Aspect0, Exodus 36:8 "And every wise hearted man among them that wrought the work of the tabernacle made ten curtains of fine twined linen, and blue, and purple, and scarlet: with cherubim of cunning work made he them."
Aspect0, Exodus 36:14 "And he made curtains of goats' hair for the tent over the tabernacle: eleven curtains he made them."
Aspect0, Exodus 36:16 "And he coupled five curtains by themselves, and six curtains by themselves."
Aspect0, Exodus 36:30 "And there were eight boards; and their sockets were sixteen sockets of silver, under every board two sockets."
Aspect0, Exodus 37:7 "And he made two cherubim of gold, beaten out of one piece made he them, on the two ends of the mercy seat;"
Aspect0, Exodus 37:9 "And the cherubim spread out their wings on high, and covered with their wings over the mercy seat, with their faces one to another; even to the mercy seatward were the faces of the cherubim."
Aspect0, Exodus 37:16 "And he made the vessels which were upon the table, his dishes, and his spoons, and his bowls, and his covers to cover withal, of pure gold."
Aspect0, Exodus 37:17 "And he made the candlestick of pure gold: of beaten work made he the candlestick; his shaft, and his branch, his bowls, his knops, and his flowers, were of the same:"
Aspect0, Exodus 38:4 "And he made for the altar a brazen grate of network under the compass thereof beneath unto the midst of it."
Aspect0, Exodus 39:4 "They made shoulderpieces for it, to couple it together: by the two edges was it coupled together."
Aspect0, Exodus 40:24 "And he put the candlestick in the tent of the congregation, over against the table, on the side of the tabernacle southward."
Aspect0, Leviticus 7:12 "If he offer it for a thanksgiving, then he shall offer with the sacrifice of thanksgiving unleavened cakes mingled with oil, and unleavened wafers anointed with oil, and cakes mingled with oil, of fine flour, fried."
Aspect0, Leviticus 7:27 "Whatsoever soul it be that eateth any manner of blood, even that soul shall be cut off from his people."
Aspect0, Leviticus 11:14 "And the vulture, and the kite after his kind;"
Aspect0, Leviticus 11:33 "And every earthen vessel, whereinto any of them falleth, whatsoever is in it shall be unclean; and ye shall break it."
Aspect0, Leviticus 11:37 "And if any part of their carcass fall upon any sowing seed which is to be sown, it shall be clean."
Aspect0, Leviticus 11:38 "But if any water be put upon the seed, and any part of their carcass fall thereon, it shall be unclean unto you."
Aspect0, Leviticus 12:5 "But if she bear a maid child, then she shall be unclean two weeks, as in her separation: and she shall continue in the blood of her purifying threescore and six days."
Aspect0, Leviticus 13:39 "Then the priest shall look: and, behold, if the bright spots in the skin of their flesh be darkish white; it is a freckled spot that groweth in the skin; he is clean."
Aspect0, Leviticus 13:51 "And he shall look on the plague on the seventh day: if the plague be spread in the garment, either in the warp, or in the woof, or in a skin, or in any work that is made of skin; the plague is a fretting leprosy; it is unclean."
Aspect0, Leviticus 14:56 "And for a rising, and for a scab, and for a bright spot:"
Aspect0, Leviticus 16:16 "And he shall make an atonement for the holy place, because of the uncleanness of the children of Israel, and because of their transgressions in all their sins: and so shall he do for the tabernacle of the congregation, that remaineth among them in the midst of their uncleanness."
Aspect0, Leviticus 18:20 "Moreover thou shalt not lie carnally with thy neighbor's wife, to defile thyself with her."
Aspect0, Leviticus 26:31 "And I will make your cities waste, and bring your sanctuaries unto desolation, and I will not smell the savor of your sweet odors."
Aspect0, Leviticus 26:34 "Then shall the land enjoy her sabbaths, as long as it lieth desolate, and ye be in your enemies' land; even then shall the land rest, and enjoy her sabbaths."
Aspect0, Numbers 1:25 "Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Gad, were forty and five thousand six hundred and fifty."
Aspect0, Numbers 1:27 "Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Judah, were threescore and fourteen thousand and six hundred."
Aspect0, Numbers 3:2 "And these are the names of the sons of Aaron; Nadab the firstborn, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar."
Aspect0, Numbers 4:7 "And upon the table of showbread they shall spread a cloth of blue, and put thereon the dishes, and the spoons, and the bowls, and covers to cover withal: and the continual bread shall be thereon:"
Aspect0, Numbers 7:19 "He offered for his offering one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:"
Aspect0, Numbers 7:23 "And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Nethaneel the son of Zuar."
Aspect0, Numbers 7:25 "His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:"
Aspect0, Numbers 7:29 "And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Eliab the son of Helon."
Aspect0, Numbers 7:31 "His offering was one silver charger of the weight of an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:"
Aspect0, Numbers 7:37 "His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:"
Aspect0, Numbers 7:41 "And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai."
Aspect0, Numbers 7:43 "His offering was one silver charger of the weight of an hundred and thirty shekels, a silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:"
Aspect0, Numbers 7:49 "His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:"
Aspect0, Numbers 7:55 "His offering was one silver charger of the weight of an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:"
Aspect0, Numbers 7:61 "His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:"
Aspect0, Numbers 7:67 "His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:"
Aspect0, Numbers 7:71 "And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai."
Aspect0, Numbers 7:73 "His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:"
Aspect0, Numbers 7:77 "And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Pagiel the son of Ocran."
Aspect0, Numbers 7:79 "His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:"
Aspect0, Numbers 7:83 "And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Ahira the son of Enan."
Aspect0, Numbers 11:9 "And when the dew fell upon the camp in the night, the manna fell upon it."
Aspect0, Numbers 11:30 "And Moses gat him into the camp, he and the elders of Israel."
Aspect0, Numbers 16:27 "So they gat up from the tabernacle of Korah, Dathan, and Abiram, on every side: and Dathan and Abiram came out, and stood in the door of their tents, and their wives, and their sons, and their little children."
Aspect0, Numbers 21:25 "And Israel took all these cities: and Israel dwelt in all the cities of the Amorites, in Heshbon, and in all the villages thereof."
Aspect0, Numbers 22:40 "And Balak offered oxen and sheep, and sent to Balaam, and to the princes that were with him."
Aspect0, Numbers 26:55 "Notwithstanding the land shall be divided by lot: according to the names of the tribes of their fathers they shall inherit."
Aspect0, Numbers 28:5 "And a tenth part of an ephah of flour for a meat offering, mingled with the fourth part of an hin of beaten oil."
Aspect0, Numbers 29:14 "And their meat offering shall be of flour mingled with oil, three tenth deals unto every bullock of the thirteen bullocks, two tenth deals to each ram of the two rams,"
Aspect0, Numbers 30:9 "But every vow of a widow, and of her that is divorced, wherewith they have bound their souls, shall stand against her."
Aspect0, Numbers 30:10 "And if she vowed in her husband's house, or bound her soul by a bond with an oath;"
Aspect0, Numbers 31:6 "And Moses sent them to the war, a thousand of every tribe, them and Phinehas the son of Eleazar the priest, to the war, with the holy instruments, and the trumpets to blow in his hand."
Aspect0, Numbers 31:35 "And thirty and two thousand persons in all, of women that had not known man by lying with him."
Aspect0, Numbers 31:38 "And the beeves were thirty and six thousand; of which the LORD's tribute was threescore and twelve."
Aspect0, Numbers 31:40 "And the persons were sixteen thousand; of which the LORD's tribute was thirty and two persons."
Aspect0, Numbers 31:44 "And thirty and six thousand beeves,"
Aspect0, Numbers 32:8 "Thus did your fathers, when I sent them from Kadeshbarnea to see the land."
Aspect0, Numbers 32:24 "Build you cities for your little ones, and folds for your sheep; and do that which hath proceeded out of your mouth."
Aspect0, Numbers 32:36 "And Bethnimrah, and Bethharan, fenced cities: and folds for sheep."
Aspect0, Numbers 34:14 "For the tribe of the children of Reuben according to the house of their fathers, and the tribe of the children of Gad according to the house of their fathers, have received their inheritance; and half the tribe of Manasseh have received their inheritance:"
Aspect0, Numbers 35:7 "So all the cities which ye shall give to the Levites shall be forty and eight cities: them shall ye give with their suburbs."
Aspect0, Numbers 35:11 "Then ye shall appoint you cities to be cities of refuge for you; that the slayer may flee thither, which killeth any person at unawares."
Aspect0, Numbers 35:13 "And of these cities which ye shall give six cities shall ye have for refuge."
Aspect0, Numbers 35:15 "These six cities shall be a refuge, both for the children of Israel, and for the stranger, and for the sojourner among them: that every one that killeth any person unawares may flee thither."
Aspect0, Numbers 35:16 "And if he smite him with an instrument of iron, so that he die, he is a murderer: the murderer shall surely be put to death."
Aspect0, Numbers 36:4 "And when the jubilee of the children of Israel shall be, then shall their inheritance be put unto the inheritance of the tribe whereunto they are received: so shall their inheritance be taken away from the inheritance of the tribe of our fathers."
Aspect0, Numbers 36:7 "So shall not the inheritance of the children of Israel remove from tribe to tribe: for every one of the children of Israel shall keep himself to the inheritance of the tribe of his fathers."
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 1:1 "These be the words which Moses spake unto all Israel on this side Jordan in the wilderness, in the plain over against the Red sea, between Paran, and Tophel, and Laban, and Hazeroth, and Dizahab."
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 1:13 "Take you wise men, and understanding, and known among your tribes, and I will make them rulers over you."
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 1:15 "So I took the chief of your tribes, wise men, and known, and made them heads over you, captains over thousands, and captains over hundreds, and captains over fifties, and captains over tens, and officers among your tribes."
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 2:8 "And when we passed by from our brethren the children of Esau, which dwelt in Seir, through the way of the plain from Elath, and from Eziongaber, we turned and passed by the way of the wilderness of Moab."
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 2:29 "(As the children of Esau which dwell in Seir, and the Moabites which dwell in Ar, did unto me;) until I shall pass over Jordan into the land which the LORD our God giveth us."
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 2:34 "And we took all his cities at that time, and utterly destroyed the men, and the women, and the little ones, of every city, we left none to remain:"
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 3:4 "And we took all his cities at that time, there was not a city which we took not from them, threescore cities, all the region of Argob, the kingdom of Og in Bashan."
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 3:5 "All these cities were fenced with high walls, gates, and bars; beside unwalled towns a great many."
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 3:6 "And we utterly destroyed them, as we did unto Sihon king of Heshbon, utterly destroying the men, women, and children, of every city."
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 3:10 "All the cities of the plain, and all Gilead, and all Bashan, unto Salchah and Edrei, cities of the kingdom of Og in Bashan."
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 8:8 "A land of wheat, and barley, and vines, and fig trees, and pomegranates; a land of oil olive, and honey;"
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 9:1 "Hear, O Israel: Thou art to pass over Jordan this day, to go in to possess nations greater and mightier than thyself, cities great and fenced up to heaven,"
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 10:7 "From thence they journeyed unto Gudgodah; and from Gudgodah to Jotbath, a land of rivers of waters."
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 11:16 "Take heed to yourselves, that your heart be not deceived, and ye turn aside, and serve other gods, and worship them;"
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 11:30 "Are they not on the other side Jordan, by the way where the sun goeth down, in the land of the Canaanites, which dwell in the champaign over against Gilgal, beside the plains of Moreh?"
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 14:5 "The hart, and the roebuck, and the fallow deer, and the wild goat, and the pygarg, and the wild ox, and the chamois."
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 14:13 "And the glede, and the kite, and the vulture after his kind,"
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 17:18 "And it shall be, when he sitteth upon the throne of his kingdom, that he shall write him a copy of this law in a book out of that which is before the priests the Levites:"
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 19:11 "But if any man hate his neighbor, and lie in wait for him, and rise up against him, and smite him mortally that he die, and fleeth into one of these cities:"
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 22:25 "But if a man find a betrothed damsel in the field, and the man force her, and lie with her: then the man only that lay with her shall die."
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 22:28 "If a man find a damsel that is a virgin, which is not betrothed, and lay hold on her, and lie with her, and they be found;"
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 25:2 "And it shall be, if the wicked man be worthy to be beaten, that the judge shall cause him to lie down, and to be beaten before his face, according to his fault, by a certain number."
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 31:30 "And Moses spake in the ears of all the congregation of Israel the words of this song, until they were ended."
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 32:10 "He found him in a desert land, and in the waste howling wilderness; he led him about, he instructed him, he kept him as the apple of his eye."
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 32:16 "They provoked him to jealousy with strange gods, with abominations provoked they him to anger."
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 32:29 "O that they were wise, that they understood this, that they would consider their latter end!"
Aspect0, Deuteronomy 32:33 "Their wine is the poison of dragons, and the cruel venom of asps."
Aspect0, Joshua 3:12 "Now therefore take you twelve men out of the tribes of Israel, out of every tribe a man."
Aspect0, Joshua 3:17 "And the priests that bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD stood firm on dry ground in the midst of Jordan, and all the Israelites passed over on dry ground, until all the people were passed clean over Jordan."
Aspect0, Joshua 4:7 "Then ye shall answer them, That the waters of Jordan were cut off before the ark of the covenant of the LORD; when it passed over Jordan, the waters of Jordan were cut off: and these stones shall be for a memorial unto the children of Israel for ever."
Aspect0, Joshua 5:7 "And their children, whom he raised up in their stead, them Joshua circumcised: for they were uncircumcised, because they had not circumcised them by the way."
Aspect0, Joshua 7:21 "When I saw among the spoils a goodly Babylonish garment, and two hundred shekels of silver, and a wedge of gold of fifty shekels weight, then I coveted them, and took them; and, behold, they are hid in the earth in the midst of my tent, and the silver under it."
Aspect0, Joshua 7:24 "And Joshua, and all Israel with him, took Achan the son of Zerah, and the silver, and the garment, and the wedge of gold, and his sons, and his daughters, and his oxen, and his asses, and his sheep, and his tent, and all that he had: and they brought them unto the valley of Achor."
Aspect0, Joshua 8:26 "For Joshua drew not his hand back, wherewith he stretched out the spear, until he had utterly destroyed all the inhabitants of Ai."
Aspect0, Joshua 8:35 "There was not a word of all that Moses commanded, which Joshua read not before all the congregation of Israel, with the women, and the little ones, and the strangers that were conversant among them."
Aspect0, Joshua 9:1 "And it came to pass, when all the kings which were on this side Jordan, in the hills, and in the valleys, and in all the coasts of the great sea over against Lebanon, the Hittite, and the Amorite, the Canaanite, the Perizzite, the Hivite, and the Jebusite, heard thereof;"
Aspect0, Joshua 10:19 "And stay ye not, but pursue after your enemies, and smite the hindmost of them; suffer them not to enter into their cities: for the LORD your God hath delivered them into your hand."
Aspect0, Joshua 10:29 "Then Joshua passed from Makkedah, and all Israel with him, unto Libnah, and fought against Libnah:"
Aspect0, Joshua 10:31 "And Joshua passed from Libnah, and all Israel with him, unto Lachish, and encamped against it, and fought against it:"
Aspect0, Joshua 10:34 "And from Lachish Joshua passed unto Eglon, and all Israel with him; and they encamped against it, and fought against it:"
Aspect0, Joshua 11:6 "And the LORD said unto Joshua, Be not afraid because of them: for to morrow about this time will I deliver them up all slain before Israel: thou shalt hough their horses, and burn their chariots with fire."
Aspect0, Joshua 11:12 "And all the cities of those kings, and all the kings of them, did Joshua take, and smote them with the edge of the sword, and he utterly destroyed them, as Moses the servant of the LORD commanded."
Aspect0, Joshua 11:13 "But as for the cities that stood still in their strength, Israel burned none of them, save Hazor only; that did Joshua burn."
Aspect0, Joshua 12:24 "The king of Tirzah, one: all the kings thirty and one."
Aspect0, Joshua 13:8 "With whom the Reubenites and the Gadites have received their inheritance, which Moses gave them, beyond Jordan eastward, even as Moses the servant of the LORD gave them;"
Aspect0, Joshua 13:12 "All the kingdom of Og in Bashan, which reigned in Ashtaroth and in Edrei, who remained of the remnant of the giants: for these did Moses smite, and cast them out."
Aspect0, Joshua 13:16 "And their coast was from Aroer, that is on the bank of the river Arnon, and the city that is in the midst of the river, and all the plain by Medeba;"
Aspect0, Joshua 13:21 "And all the cities of the plain, and all the kingdom of Sihon king of the Amorites, which reigned in Heshbon, whom Moses smote with the princes of Midian, Evi, and Rekem, and Zur, and Hur, and Reba, which were dukes of Sihon, dwelling in the country."
Aspect0, Joshua 13:27 "And in the valley, Betharam, and Bethnimrah, and Succoth, and Zaphon, the rest of the kingdom of Sihon king of Heshbon, Jordan and his border, even unto the edge of the sea of Chinnereth on the other side Jordan eastward."
Aspect0, Joshua 13:32 "These are the countries which Moses did distribute for inheritance in the plains of Moab, on the other side Jordan, by Jericho, eastward."
Aspect0, Joshua 14:3 "For Moses had given the inheritance of two tribes and an half tribe on the other side Jordan: but unto the Levites he gave none inheritance among them."
Aspect0, Joshua 15:2 "And their south border was from the shore of the salt sea, from the bay that looketh southward:"
Aspect0, Joshua 15:5 "And the east border was the salt sea, even unto the end of Jordan. And their border in the north quarter was from the bay of the sea at the uttermost part of Jordan:"
Aspect0, Joshua 15:10 "And the border compassed from Baalah westward unto mount Seir, and passed along unto the side of mount Jearim, which is Chesalon, on the north side, and went down to Bethshemesh, and passed on to Timnah:"
Aspect0, Joshua 15:21 "And the uttermost cities of the tribe of the children of Judah toward the coast of Edom southward were Kabzeel, and Eder, and Jagur,"
Aspect0, Joshua 15:28 "And Hazarshual, and Beersheba, and Bizjothjah,"
Aspect0, Joshua 15:36 "And Sharaim, and Adithaim, and Gederah, and Gederothaim; fourteen cities with their villages:"
Aspect0, Joshua 15:38 "And Dilean, and Mizpeh, and Joktheel,"
Aspect0, Joshua 15:41 "And Gederoth, Bethdagon, and Naamah, and Makkedah; sixteen cities with their villages:"
Aspect0, Joshua 15:42 "Libnah, and Ether, and Ashan,"
Aspect0, Joshua 15:49 "And Dannah, and Kirjathsannah, which is Debir,"
Aspect0, Joshua 15:59 "And Maarath, and Bethanoth, and Eltekon; six cities with their villages:"
Aspect0, Joshua 15:60 "Kirjathbaal, which is Kirjathjearim, and Rabbah; two cities with their villages:"
Aspect0, Joshua 15:62 "And Nibshan, and the city of Salt, and Engedi; six cities with their villages."
Aspect0, Joshua 17:10 "Southward it was Ephraim's, and northward it was Manasseh's, and the sea is his border; and they met together in Asher on the north, and in Issachar on the east."
Aspect0, Joshua 17:11 "And Manasseh had in Issachar and in Asher Bethshean and her towns, and Ibleam and her towns, and the inhabitants of Dor and her towns, and the inhabitants of Endor and her towns, and the inhabitants of Taanach and her towns, and the inhabitants of Megiddo and her towns, even three countries."
Aspect0, Joshua 18:14 "And the border was drawn thence, and compassed the corner of the sea southward, from the hill that lieth before Bethhoron southward; and the goings out thereof were at Kirjathbaal, which is Kirjathjearim, a city of the children of Judah: this was the west quarter."
Aspect0, Joshua 18:19 "And the border passed along to the side of Bethhoglah northward: and the outgoings of the border were at the north bay of the salt sea at the south end of Jordan: this was the south coast."
Aspect0, Joshua 18:24 "And Chepharhaammonai, and Ophni, and Gaba; twelve cities with their villages:"
Aspect0, Joshua 18:28 "And Zelah, Eleph, and Jebusi, which is Jerusalem, Gibeath, and Kirjath; fourteen cities with their villages. This is the inheritance of the children of Benjamin according to their families."
Aspect0, Joshua 19:3 "And Hazarshual, and Balah, and Azem,"
Aspect0, Joshua 19:6 "And Bethlebaoth, and Sharuhen; thirteen cities and their villages:"
Aspect0, Joshua 19:8 "And all the villages that were round about these cities to Baalathbeer, Ramath of the south. This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Simeon according to their families."
Aspect0, Joshua 19:15 "And Kattath, and Nahallal, and Shimron, and Idalah, and Bethlehem: twelve cities with their villages."
Aspect0, Joshua 19:20 "And Rabbith, and Kishion, and Abez,"
Aspect0, Joshua 19:22 "And the coast reacheth to Tabor, and Shahazimah, and Bethshemesh; and the outgoings of their border were at Jordan: sixteen cities with their villages."
Aspect0, Joshua 19:23 "This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Issachar according to their families, the cities and their villages."
Aspect0, Joshua 19:33 "And their coast was from Heleph, from Allon to Zaanannim, and Adami, Nekeb, and Jabneel, unto Lakum; and the outgoings thereof were at Jordan:"
Aspect0, Joshua 19:35 "And the fenced cities are Ziddim, Zer, and Hammath, Rakkath, and Chinnereth,"
Aspect0, Joshua 19:37 "And Kedesh, and Edrei, and Enhazor,"
Aspect0, Joshua 19:38 "And Iron, and Migdalel, Horem, and Bethanath, and Bethshemesh; nineteen cities with their villages."
Aspect0, Joshua 19:41 "And the coast of their inheritance was Zorah, and Eshtaol, and Irshemesh,"
Aspect0, Joshua 19:43 "And Elon, and Thimnathah, and Ekron,"
Aspect0, Joshua 19:48 "This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Dan according to their families, these cities with their villages."
Aspect0, Joshua 20:5 "And if the avenger of blood pursue after him, then they shall not deliver the slayer up into his hand; because he smote his neighbor unwittingly, and hated him not beforetime."
Aspect0, Joshua 21:4 "And the lot came out for the families of the Kohathites: and the children of Aaron the priest, which were of the Levites, had by lot out of the tribe of Judah, and out of the tribe of Simeon, and out of the tribe of Benjamin, thirteen cities."
Aspect0, Joshua 21:6 "And the children of Gershon had by lot out of the families of the tribe of Issachar, and out of the tribe of Asher, and out of the tribe of Naphtali, and out of the half tribe of Manasseh in Bashan, thirteen cities."
Aspect0, Joshua 21:9 "And they gave out of the tribe of the children of Judah, and out of the tribe of the children of Simeon, these cities which are here mentioned by name."
Aspect0, Joshua 21:19 "All the cities of the children of Aaron, the priests, were thirteen cities with their suburbs."
Aspect0, Joshua 21:22 "And Kibzaim with her suburbs, and Bethhoron with her suburbs; four cities."
Aspect0, Joshua 21:24 "Aijalon with her suburbs, Gathrimmon with her suburbs; four cities."
Aspect0, Joshua 21:25 "And out of the half tribe of Manasseh, Tanach with her suburbs, and Gathrimmon with her suburbs; two cities."
Aspect0, Joshua 21:28 "And out of the tribe of Issachar, Kishon with her suburbs, Dabareh with her suburbs,"
Aspect0, Joshua 21:29 "Jarmuth with her suburbs, Engannim with her suburbs; four cities."
Aspect0, Joshua 21:33 "All the cities of the Gershonites according to their families were thirteen cities with their suburbs."
Aspect0, Joshua 21:41 "All the cities of the Levites within the possession of the children of Israel were forty and eight cities with their suburbs."
Aspect0, Joshua 21:42 "These cities were every one with their suburbs round about them: thus were all these cities."
Aspect0, Joshua 21:44 "And the LORD gave them rest round about, according to all that he sware unto their fathers: and there stood not a man of all their enemies before them; the LORD delivered all their enemies into their hand."
Aspect0, Joshua 22:1 "Then Joshua called the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and the half tribe of Manasseh,"
Aspect0, Joshua 24:30 "And they buried him in the border of his inheritance in Timnathserah, which is in mount Ephraim, on the north side of the hill of Gaash."
Aspect0, Judges 2:9 "And they buried him in the border of his inheritance in Timnathheres, in the mount of Ephraim, on the north side of the hill Gaash."
Aspect0, Judges 3:1 "Now these are the nations which the LORD left, to prove Israel by them, even as many of Israel as had not known all the wars of Canaan;"
Aspect0, Judges 3:8 "Therefore the anger of the LORD was hot against Israel, and he sold them into the hand of Chushanrishathaim king of Mesopotamia: and the children of Israel served Chushanrishathaim eight years."
Aspect0, Judges 3:26 "And Ehud escaped while they tarried, and passed beyond the quarries, and escaped unto Seirath."
Aspect0, Judges 3:28 "And he said unto them, Follow after me: for the LORD hath delivered your enemies the Moabites into your hand. And they went down after him, and took the fords of Jordan toward Moab, and suffered not a man to pass over."
Aspect0, Judges 5:15 "And the princes of Issachar were with Deborah; even Issachar, and also Barak: he was sent on foot into the valley. For the divisions of Reuben there were great thoughts of heart."
Aspect0, Judges 5:17 "Gilead abode beyond Jordan: and why did Dan remain in ships? Asher continued on the sea shore, and abode in his breaches."
Aspect0, Judges 5:30 "Have they not sped? have they not divided the prey; to every man a damsel or two; to Sisera a prey of divers colors, a prey of divers colors of needlework, of divers colors of needlework on both sides, meet for the necks of them that take the spoil?"
Aspect0, Judges 8:26 "And the weight of the golden earrings that he requested was a thousand and seven hundred shekels of gold; beside ornaments, and collars, and purple raiment that was on the kings of Midian, and beside the chains that were about their camels' necks."
Aspect0, Judges 10:4 "And he had thirty sons that rode on thirty ass colts, and they had thirty cities, which are called Havothjair unto this day, which are in the land of Gilead."
Aspect0, Judges 10:9 "Moreover the children of Ammon passed over Jordan to fight also against Judah, and against Benjamin, and against the house of Ephraim; so that Israel was sore distressed."
Aspect0, Judges 11:29 "Then the Spirit of the LORD came upon Jephthah, and he passed over Gilead, and Manasseh, and passed over Mizpeh of Gilead, and from Mizpeh of Gilead he passed over unto the children of Ammon."
Aspect0, Judges 12:7 "And Jephthah judged Israel six years. Then died Jephthah the Gileadite, and was buried in one of the cities of Gilead."
Aspect0, Judges 12:8 "And after him Ibzan of Bethlehem judged Israel."
Aspect0, Judges 12:14 "And he had forty sons and thirty nephews, that rode on threescore and ten ass colts: and he judged Israel eight years."
Aspect0, Judges 15:16 "And Samson said, With the jawbone of an ass, heaps upon heaps, with the jaw of an ass have I slain a thousand men."
Aspect0, Judges 16:16 "And it came to pass, when she pressed him daily with her words, and urged him, so that his soul was vexed unto death;"
Aspect0, Judges 16:29 "And Samson took hold of the two middle pillars upon which the house stood, and on which it was borne up, of the one with his right hand, and of the other with his left."
Aspect0, Judges 20:42 "Therefore they turned their backs before the men of Israel unto the way of the wilderness; but the battle overtook them; and them which came out of the cities they destroyed in the midst of them."
Aspect0, Judges 21:17 "And they said, There must be an inheritance for them that be escaped of Benjamin, that a tribe be not destroyed out of Israel."
Aspect0, Ruth 2:23 "So she kept fast by the maidens of Boaz to glean unto the end of barley harvest and of wheat harvest; and dwelt with her mother in law."
Aspect0, Ruth 4:19 "And Hezron begat Ram, and Ram begat Amminadab,"
Aspect0, Ruth 4:20 "And Amminadab begat Nahshon, and Nahshon begat Salmon,"
Aspect0, Ruth 4:21 "And Salmon begat Boaz, and Boaz begat Obed,"
Aspect0, Ruth 4:22 "And Obed begat Jesse, and Jesse begat David."
Aspect0, 1 Samuel 1:13 "Now Hannah, she spake in her heart; only her lips moved, but her voice was not heard: therefore Eli thought she had been drunken."
Aspect0, 1 Samuel 2:35 "And I will raise me up a faithful priest, that shall do according to that which is in mine heart and in my mind: and I will build him a sure house; and he shall walk before mine anointed for ever."
Aspect0, 1 Samuel 4:10 "And the Philistines fought, and Israel was smitten, and they fled every man into his tent: and there was a very great slaughter; for there fell of Israel thirty thousand footmen."
Aspect0, 1 Samuel 7:14 "And the cities which the Philistines had taken from Israel were restored to Israel, from Ekron even unto Gath; and the coasts thereof did Israel deliver out of the hands of the Philistines. And there was peace between Israel and the Amorites."
Aspect0, 1 Samuel 9:4 "And he passed through mount Ephraim, and passed through the land of Shalisha, but they found them not: then they passed through the land of Shalim, and there they were not: and he passed through the land of the Benjamites, but they found them not."
Aspect0, 1 Samuel 12:11 "And the LORD sent Jerubbaal, and Bedan, and Jephthah, and Samuel, and delivered you out of the hand of your enemies on every side, and ye dwelled safe."
Aspect0, 1 Samuel 13:6 "When the men of Israel saw that they were in a strait, (for the people were distressed,) then the people did hide themselves in caves, and in thickets, and in rocks, and in high places, and in pits."
Aspect0, 1 Samuel 14:47 "So Saul took the kingdom over Israel, and fought against all his enemies on every side, against Moab, and against the children of Ammon, and against Edom, and against the kings of Zobah, and against the Philistines: and whithersoever he turned himself, he vexed them."
Aspect0, 1 Samuel 14:49 "Now the sons of Saul were Jonathan, and Ishui, and Melchishua: and the names of his two daughters were these; the name of the firstborn Merab, and the name of the younger Michal:"
Aspect0, 1 Samuel 15:14 "And Samuel said, What meaneth then this bleating of the sheep in mine ears, and the lowing of the oxen which I hear?"
Aspect0, 1 Samuel 18:1 "And it came to pass, when he had made an end of speaking unto Saul, that the soul of Jonathan was knit with the soul of David, and Jonathan loved him as his own soul."
Aspect0, 1 Samuel 29:2 "And the lords of the Philistines passed on by hundreds, and by thousands: but David and his men passed on in the rearward with Achish."
Aspect0, 1 Samuel 30:26 "And when David came to Ziklag, he sent of the spoil unto the elders of Judah, even to his friends, saying, Behold a present for you of the spoil of the enemies of the LORD;"
Aspect0, 1 Samuel 30:29 "And to them which were in Rachal, and to them which were in the cities of the Jerahmeelites, and to them which were in the cities of the Kenites,"
Aspect0, 1 Samuel 31:1 "Now the Philistines fought against Israel: and the men of Israel fled from before the Philistines, and fell down slain in mount Gilboa."
Aspect0, 2 Samuel 3:10 "To translate the kingdom from the house of Saul, and to set up the throne of David over Israel and over Judah, from Dan even to Beersheba."
Aspect0, 2 Samuel 5:5 "In Hebron he reigned over Judah seven years and six months: and in Jerusalem he reigned thirty and three years over all Israel and Judah."
Aspect0, 2 Samuel 7:13 "He shall build an house for my name, and I will stablish the throne of his kingdom for ever."
Aspect0, 2 Samuel 10:17 "And when it was told David, he gathered all Israel together, and passed over Jordan, and came to Helam. And the Syrians set themselves in array against David, and fought with him."
Aspect0, 2 Samuel 14:26 "And when he polled his head, (for it was at every year's end that he polled it: because the hair was heavy on him, therefore he polled it:) he weighed the hair of his head at two hundred shekels after the king's weight."
Aspect0, 2 Samuel 15:18 "And all his servants passed on beside him; and all the Cherethites, and all the Pelethites, and all the Gittites, six hundred men which came after him from Gath, passed on before the king."
Aspect0, 2 Samuel 15:29 "Zadok therefore and Abiathar carried the ark of God again to Jerusalem: and they tarried there."
Aspect0, 2 Samuel 17:22 "Then David arose, and all the people that were with him, and they passed over Jordan: by the morning light there lacked not one of them that was not gone over Jordan."
Aspect0, 2 Samuel 17:24 "Then David came to Mahanaim. And Absalom passed over Jordan, he and all the men of Israel with him."
Aspect0, 2 Samuel 17:26 "So Israel and Absalom pitched in the land of Gilead."
Aspect0, 2 Samuel 18:16 "And Joab blew the trumpet, and the people returned from pursuing after Israel: for Joab held back the people."
Aspect0, 2 Samuel 20:12 "And Amasa wallowed in blood in the midst of the highway. And when the man saw that all the people stood still, he removed Amasa out of the highway into the field, and cast a cloth upon him, when he saw that every one that came by him stood still."
Aspect0, 2 Samuel 22:38 "I have pursued mine enemies, and destroyed them; and turned not again until I had consumed them."
Aspect0, 2 Samuel 23:14 "And David was then in an hold, and the garrison of the Philistines was then in Bethlehem."
Aspect0, 2 Samuel 23:28 "Zalmon the Ahohite, Maharai the Netophathite,"
Aspect0, 2 Samuel 23:35 "Hezrai the Carmelite, Paarai the Arbite,"
Aspect0, 2 Samuel 23:38 "Ira an Ithrite, Gareb an Ithrite,"
Aspect0, 2 Samuel 24:5 "And they passed over Jordan, and pitched in Aroer, on the right side of the city that lieth in the midst of the river of Gad, and toward Jazer:"
Aspect0, 1 Kings 2:10 "So David slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David."
Aspect0, 1 Kings 2:11 "And the days that David reigned over Israel were forty years: seven years reigned he in Hebron, and thirty and three years reigned he in Jerusalem."
Aspect0, 1 Kings 4:25 "And Judah and Israel dwelt safely, every man under his vine and under his fig tree, from Dan even to Beersheba, all the days of Solomon."
Aspect0, 1 Kings 5:18 "And Solomon's builders and Hiram's builders did hew them, and the stonesquarers: so they prepared timber and stones to build the house."
Aspect0, 1 Kings 7:25 "It stood upon twelve oxen, three looking toward the north, and three looking toward the west, and three looking toward the south, and three looking toward the east: and the sea was set above upon them, and all their hinder parts were inward."
Aspect0, 1 Kings 7:29 "And on the borders that were between the ledges were lions, oxen, and cherubim: and upon the ledges there was a base above: and beneath the lions and oxen were certain additions made of thin work."
Aspect0, 1 Kings 8:51 "For they be thy people, and thine inheritance, which thou broughtest forth out of Egypt, from the midst of the furnace of iron:"
Aspect0, 1 Kings 9:19 "And all the cities of store that Solomon had, and cities for his chariots, and cities for his horsemen, and that which Solomon desired to build in Jerusalem, and in Lebanon, and in all the land of his dominion."
Aspect0, 1 Kings 10:20 "And twelve lions stood there on the one side and on the other upon the six steps: there was not the like made in any kingdom."
Aspect0, 1 Kings 11:1 "But king Solomon loved many strange women, together with the daughter of Pharaoh, women of the Moabites, Ammonites, Edomites, Zidonians, and Hittites:"
Aspect0, 1 Kings 11:39 "And I will for this afflict the seed of David, but not for ever."
Aspect0, 1 Kings 12:17 "But as for the children of Israel which dwelt in the cities of Judah, Rehoboam reigned over them."
Aspect0, 1 Kings 13:25 "And, behold, men passed by, and saw the carcass cast in the way, and the lion standing by the carcass: and they came and told it in the city where the old prophet dwelt."
Aspect0, 1 Kings 14:18 "And they buried him; and all Israel mourned for him, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake by the hand of his servant Ahijah the prophet."
Aspect0, 1 Kings 14:29 "Now the rest of the acts of Rehoboam, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?"
Aspect0, 1 Kings 14:31 "And Rehoboam slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David. And his mother's name was Naamah an Ammonitess. And Abijam his son reigned in his stead."
Aspect0, 1 Kings 15:7 "Now the rest of the acts of Abijam, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah? And there was war between Abijam and Jeroboam."
Aspect0, 1 Kings 15:20 "So Benhadad hearkened unto king Asa, and sent the captains of the hosts which he had against the cities of Israel, and smote Ijon, and Dan, and Abelbethmaachah, and all Cinneroth, with all the land of Naphtali."
Aspect0, 1 Kings 16:23 "In the thirty and first year of Asa king of Judah began Omri to reign over Israel, twelve years: six years reigned he in Tirzah."
Aspect0, 1 Kings 20:2 "And he sent messengers to Ahab king of Israel into the city, and said unto him, Thus saith Benhadad,"
Aspect0, 1 Kings 21:8 "So she wrote letters in Ahab's name, and sealed them with his seal, and sent the letters unto the elders and to the nobles that were in his city, dwelling with Naboth."
Aspect0, 1 Kings 22:33 "And it came to pass, when the captains of the chariots perceived that it was not the king of Israel, that they turned back from pursuing him."
Aspect0, 2 Kings 1:1 "Then Moab rebelled against Israel after the death of Ahab."
Aspect0, 2 Kings 5:12 "Are not Abana and Pharpar, rivers of Damascus, better than all the waters of Israel? may I not wash in them, and be clean? So he turned and went away in a rage."
Aspect0, 2 Kings 8:17 "Thirty and two years old was he when he began to reign; and he reigned eight years in Jerusalem."
Aspect0, 2 Kings 8:23 "And the rest of the acts of Joram, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?"
Aspect0, 2 Kings 9:28 "And his servants carried him in a chariot to Jerusalem, and buried him in his sepulchre with his fathers in the city of David."
Aspect0, 2 Kings 10:28 "Thus Jehu destroyed Baal out of Israel."
Aspect0, 2 Kings 10:33 "From Jordan eastward, all the land of Gilead, the Gadites, and the Reubenites, and the Manassites, from Aroer, which is by the river Arnon, even Gilead and Bashan."
Aspect0, 2 Kings 12:19 "And the rest of the acts of Joash, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?"
Aspect0, 2 Kings 13:13 "And Joash slept with his fathers; and Jeroboam sat upon his throne: and Joash was buried in Samaria with the kings of Israel."
Aspect0, 2 Kings 14:18 "And the rest of the acts of Amaziah, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?"
Aspect0, 2 Kings 14:20 "And they brought him on horses: and he was buried at Jerusalem with his fathers in the city of David."
Aspect0, 2 Kings 14:26 "For the LORD saw the affliction of Israel, that it was very bitter: for there was not any shut up, nor any left, nor any helper for Israel."
Aspect0, 2 Kings 14:28 "Now the rest of the acts of Jeroboam, and all that he did, and his might, how he warred, and how he recovered Damascus, and Hamath, which belonged to Judah, for Israel, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?"
Aspect0, 2 Kings 15:6 "And the rest of the acts of Azariah, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?"
Aspect0, 2 Kings 15:11 "And the rest of the acts of Zachariah, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel."
Aspect0, 2 Kings 15:15 "And the rest of the acts of Shallum, and his conspiracy which he made, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel."
Aspect0, 2 Kings 15:26 "And the rest of the acts of Pekahiah, and all that he did, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel."
Aspect0, 2 Kings 15:31 "And the rest of the acts of Pekah, and all that he did, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel."
Aspect0, 2 Kings 15:36 "Now the rest of the acts of Jotham, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?"
Aspect0, 2 Kings 16:19 "Now the rest of the acts of Ahaz which he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?"
Aspect0, 2 Kings 17:6 "In the ninth year of Hoshea the king of Assyria took Samaria, and carried Israel away into Assyria, and placed them in Halah and in Habor by the river of Gozan, and in the cities of the Medes."
Aspect0, 2 Kings 17:18 "Therefore the LORD was very angry with Israel, and removed them out of his sight: there was none left but the tribe of Judah only."
Aspect0, 2 Kings 17:20 "And the LORD rejected all the seed of Israel, and afflicted them, and delivered them into the hand of spoilers, until he had cast them out of his sight."
Aspect0, 2 Kings 17:24 "And the king of Assyria brought men from Babylon, and from Cuthah, and from Ava, and from Hamath, and from Sepharvaim, and placed them in the cities of Samaria instead of the children of Israel: and they possessed Samaria, and dwelt in the cities thereof."
Aspect0, 2 Kings 17:29 "Howbeit every nation made gods of their own, and put them in the houses of the high places which the Samaritans had made, every nation in their cities wherein they dwelt."
Aspect0, 2 Kings 18:11 "And the king of Assyria did carry away Israel unto Assyria, and put them in Halah and in Habor by the river of Gozan, and in the cities of the Medes:"
Aspect0, 2 Kings 19:12 "Have the gods of the nations delivered them which my fathers have destroyed; as Gozan, and Haran, and Rezeph, and the children of Eden which were in Thelasar?"
Aspect0, 2 Kings 21:3 "For he built up again the high places which Hezekiah his father had destroyed; and he reared up altars for Baal, and made a grove, as did Ahab king of Israel; and worshipped all the host of heaven, and served them."
Aspect0, 2 Kings 21:14 "And I will forsake the remnant of mine inheritance, and deliver them into the hand of their enemies; and they shall become a prey and a spoil to all their enemies;"
Aspect0, 2 Kings 21:25 "Now the rest of the acts of Amon which he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?"
Aspect0, 2 Kings 22:7 "Howbeit there was no reckoning made with them of the money that was delivered into their hand, because they dealt faithfully."
Aspect0, 2 Kings 23:8 "And he brought all the priests out of the cities of Judah, and defiled the high places where the priests had burned incense, from Geba to Beersheba, and brake down the high places of the gates that were in the entering in of the gate of Joshua the governor of the city, which were on a man's left hand at the gate of the city."
Aspect0, 2 Kings 23:11 "And he took away the horses that the kings of Judah had given to the sun, at the entering in of the house of the LORD, by the chamber of Nathanmelech the chamberlain, which was in the suburbs, and burned the chariots of the sun with fire."
Aspect0, 2 Kings 23:28 "Now the rest of the acts of Josiah, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?"
Aspect0, 2 Kings 24:5 "Now the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?"
Aspect0, 2 Kings 25:28 "And he spake kindly to him, and set his throne above the throne of the kings that were with him in Babylon;"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 1:11 "And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 1:13 "And Canaan begat Zidon his firstborn, and Heth,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 1:34 "And Abraham begat Isaac. The sons of Isaac; Esau and Israel."
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 2:1 "These are the sons of Israel; Reuben, Simeon, Levi, and Judah, Issachar, and Zebulun,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 2:10 "And Ram begat Amminadab; and Amminadab begat Nahshon, prince of the children of Judah;"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 2:11 "And Nahshon begat Salma, and Salma begat Boaz,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 2:12 "And Boaz begat Obed, and Obed begat Jesse,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 2:20 "And Hur begat Uri, and Uri begat Bezaleel."
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 2:36 "And Attai begat Nathan, and Nathan begat Zabad,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 2:37 "And Zabad begat Ephlal, and Ephlal begat Obed,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 2:38 "And Obed begat Jehu, and Jehu begat Azariah,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 2:39 "And Azariah begat Helez, and Helez begat Eleasah,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 2:40 "And Eleasah begat Sisamai, and Sisamai begat Shallum,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 2:41 "And Shallum begat Jekamiah, and Jekamiah begat Elishama."
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 4:31 "And at Bethmarcaboth, and Hazarsusim, and at Bethbirei, and at Shaaraim. These were their cities unto the reign of David."
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 4:32 "And their villages were, Etam, and Ain, Rimmon, and Tochen, and Ashan, five cities:"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 6:4 "Eleazar begat Phinehas, Phinehas begat Abishua,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 6:5 "And Abishua begat Bukki, and Bukki begat Uzzi,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 6:6 "And Uzzi begat Zerahiah, and Zerahiah begat Meraioth,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 6:7 "Meraioth begat Amariah, and Amariah begat Ahitub,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 6:8 "And Ahitub begat Zadok, and Zadok begat Ahimaaz,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 6:9 "And Ahimaaz begat Azariah, and Azariah begat Johanan,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 6:10 "And Johanan begat Azariah, (he it is that executed the priest's office in the temple that Solomon built in Jerusalem:)"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 6:11 "And Azariah begat Amariah, and Amariah begat Ahitub,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 6:12 "And Ahitub begat Zadok, and Zadok begat Shallum,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 6:13 "And Shallum begat Hilkiah, and Hilkiah begat Azariah,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 6:14 "And Azariah begat Seraiah, and Seraiah begat Jehozadak,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 6:57 "And to the sons of Aaron they gave the cities of Judah, namely, Hebron, the city of refuge, and Libnah with her suburbs, and Jattir, and Eshtemoa, with their suburbs,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 6:60 "And out of the tribe of Benjamin; Geba with her suburbs, and Alemeth with her suburbs, and Anathoth with her suburbs. All their cities throughout their families were thirteen cities."
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 6:61 "And unto the sons of Kohath, which were left of the family of that tribe, were cities given out of the half tribe, namely, out of the half tribe of Manasseh, by lot, ten cities."
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 6:62 "And to the sons of Gershom throughout their families out of the tribe of Issachar, and out of the tribe of Asher, and out of the tribe of Naphtali, and out of the tribe of Manasseh in Bashan, thirteen cities."
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 7:8 "And the sons of Becher; Zemira, and Joash, and Eliezer, and Elioenai, and Omri, and Jerimoth, and Abiah, and Anathoth, and Alameth. All these are the sons of Becher."
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 7:32 "And Heber begat Japhlet, and Shomer, and Hotham, and Shua their sister."
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 8:4 "And Abishua, and Naaman, and Ahoah,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 8:9 "And he begat of Hodesh his wife, Jobab, and Zibia, and Mesha, and Malcham,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 8:11 "And of Hushim he begat Abitub, and Elpaal."
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 8:14 "And Ahio, Shashak, and Jeremoth,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 8:26 "And Shamsherai, and Shehariah, and Athaliah,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 8:31 "And Gedor, and Ahio, and Zacher."
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 8:33 "And Ner begat Kish, and Kish begat Saul, and Saul begat Jonathan, and Malchishua, and Abinadab, and Eshbaal."
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 8:36 "And Ahaz begat Jehoadah; and Jehoadah begat Alemeth, and Azmaveth, and Zimri; and Zimri begat Moza,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 9:1 "So all Israel were reckoned by genealogies; and, behold, they were written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah, who were carried away to Babylon for their transgression."
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 9:2 "Now the first inhabitants that dwelt in their possessions in their cities were, the Israelites, the priests, Levites, and the Nethinims."
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 9:37 "And Gedor, and Ahio, and Zechariah, and Mikloth."
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 9:39 "And Ner begat Kish; and Kish begat Saul; and Saul begat Jonathan, and Malchishua, and Abinadab, and Eshbaal."
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 9:42 "And Ahaz begat Jarah; and Jarah begat Alemeth, and Azmaveth, and Zimri; and Zimri begat Moza;"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 10:1 "Now the Philistines fought against Israel; and the men of Israel fled from before the Philistines, and fell down slain in mount Gilboa."
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 10:14 "And inquired not of the LORD: therefore he slew him, and turned the kingdom unto David the son of Jesse."
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 11:40 "Ira the Ithrite, Gareb the Ithrite,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 11:47 "Eliel, and Obed, and Jasiel the Mesobaite."
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 12:13 "Jeremiah the tenth, Machbanai the eleventh."
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 14:1 "Now Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David, and timber of cedars, with masons and carpenters, to build him an house."
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 14:5 "And Ibhar, and Elishua, and Elpalet,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 15:16 "And David spake to the chief of the Levites to appoint their brethren to be the singers with instruments of music, psalteries and harps and cymbals, sounding, by lifting up the voice with joy."
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 17:12 "He shall build me an house, and I will stablish his throne for ever."
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 17:14 "But I will settle him in mine house and in my kingdom for ever: and his throne shall be established for evermore."
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 19:17 "And it was told David; and he gathered all Israel, and passed over Jordan, and came upon them, and set the battle in array against them. So when David had put the battle in array against the Syrians, they fought with him."
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 24:14 "The fifteenth to Bilgah, the sixteenth to Immer,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 24:15 "The seventeenth to Hezir, the eighteenth to Aphses,"
Aspect0, 1 Chronicles 29:15 "For we are strangers before thee, and sojourners, as were all our fathers: our days on the earth are as a shadow, and there is none abiding."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 1:2 "Then Solomon spake unto all Israel, to the captains of thousands and of hundreds, and to the judges, and to every governor in all Israel, the chief of the fathers."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 2:1 "And Solomon determined to build an house for the name of the LORD, and an house for his kingdom."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 2:6 "But who is able to build him an house, seeing the heaven and heaven of heavens cannot contain him? who am I then, that I should build him an house, save only to burn sacrifice before him?"
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 2:7 "Send me now therefore a man cunning to work in gold, and in silver, and in brass, and in iron, and in purple, and crimson, and blue, and that can skill to grave with the cunning men that are with me in Judah and in Jerusalem, whom David my father did provide."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 3:9 "And the weight of the nails was fifty shekels of gold. And he overlaid the upper chambers with gold."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 4:4 "It stood upon twelve oxen, three looking toward the north, and three looking toward the west, and three looking toward the south, and three looking toward the east: and the sea was set above upon them, and all their hinder parts were inward."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 4:5 "And the thickness of it was an handbreadth, and the brim of it like the work of the brim of a cup, with flowers of lilies; and it received and held three thousand baths."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 6:28 "If there be dearth in the land, if there be pestilence, if there be blasting, or mildew, locusts, or caterpillars; if their enemies besiege them in the cities of their land; whatsoever sore or whatsoever sickness there be:"
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 8:4 "And he built Tadmor in the wilderness, and all the store cities, which he built in Hamath."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 8:6 "And Baalath, and all the store cities that Solomon had, and all the chariot cities, and the cities of the horsemen, and all that Solomon desired to build in Jerusalem, and in Lebanon, and throughout all the land of his dominion."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 9:19 "And twelve lions stood there on the one side and on the other upon the six steps. There was not the like made in any kingdom."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 9:30 "And Solomon reigned in Jerusalem over all Israel forty years."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 10:17 "But as for the children of Israel that dwelt in the cities of Judah, Rehoboam reigned over them."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 11:5 "And Rehoboam dwelt in Jerusalem, and built cities for defense in Judah."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 11:10 "And Zorah, and Aijalon, and Hebron, which are in Judah and in Benjamin fenced cities."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 11:12 "And in every several city he put shields and spears, and made them exceeding strong, having Judah and Benjamin on his side."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 13:13 "But Jeroboam caused an ambushment to come about behind them: so they were before Judah, and the ambushment was behind them."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 13:15 "Then the men of Judah gave a shout: and as the men of Judah shouted, it came to pass, that God smote Jeroboam and all Israel before Abijah and Judah."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 14:5 "Also he took away out of all the cities of Judah the high places and the images: and the kingdom was quiet before him."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 15:9 "And he gathered all Judah and Benjamin, and the strangers with them out of Ephraim and Manasseh, and out of Simeon: for they fell to him out of Israel in abundance, when they saw that the LORD his God was with him."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 16:4 "And Benhadad hearkened unto king Asa, and sent the captains of his armies against the cities of Israel; and they smote Ijon, and Dan, and Abelmaim, and all the store cities of Naphtali."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 17:5 "Therefore the LORD stablished the kingdom in his hand; and all Judah brought to Jehoshaphat presents; and he had riches and honor in abundance."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 17:13 "And he had much business in the cities of Judah: and the men of war, mighty men of valor, were in Jerusalem."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 17:19 "These waited on the king, beside those whom the king put in the fenced cities throughout all Judah."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 18:32 "For it came to pass, that, when the captains of the chariots perceived that it was not the king of Israel, they turned back again from pursuing him."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 19:5 "And he set judges in the land throughout all the fenced cities of Judah, city by city,"
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 20:27 "Then they returned, every man of Judah and Jerusalem, and Jehoshaphat in the forefront of them, to go again to Jerusalem with joy; for the LORD had made them to rejoice over their enemies."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 21:11 "Moreover he made high places in the mountains of Judah and caused the inhabitants of Jerusalem to commit fornication, and compelled Judah thereto."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 21:13 "But hast walked in the way of the kings of Israel, and hast made Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem to go a whoring, like to the whoredoms of the house of Ahab, and also hast slain thy brethren of thy father's house, which were better than thyself:"
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 23:21 "And all the people of the land rejoiced: and the city was quiet, after that they had slain Athaliah with the sword."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 24:25 "And when they were departed from him, (for they left him in great diseases,) his own servants conspired against him for the blood of the sons of Jehoiada the priest, and slew him on his bed, and he died: and they buried him in the city of David, but they buried him not in the sepulchres of the kings."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 25:13 "But the soldiers of the army which Amaziah sent back, that they should not go with him to battle, fell upon the cities of Judah, from Samaria even unto Bethhoron, and smote three thousand of them, and took much spoil."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 25:26 "Now the rest of the acts of Amaziah, first and last, behold, are they not written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel?"
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 25:28 "And they brought him upon horses, and buried him with his fathers in the city of Judah."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 26:23 "So Uzziah slept with his fathers, and they buried him with his fathers in the field of the burial which belonged to the kings; for they said, He is a leper: and Jotham his son reigned in his stead."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 27:7 "Now the rest of the acts of Jotham, and all his wars, and his ways, lo, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 28:25 "And in every several city of Judah he made high places to burn incense unto other gods, and provoked to anger the LORD God of his fathers."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 28:26 "Now the rest of his acts and of all his ways, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 29:26 "And the Levites stood with the instruments of David, and the priests with the trumpets."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 30:17 "For there were many in the congregation that were not sanctified: therefore the Levites had the charge of the killing of the passovers for every one that was not clean, to sanctify them unto the LORD."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 31:1 "Now when all this was finished, all Israel that were present went out to the cities of Judah, and brake the images in pieces, and cut down the groves, and threw down the high places and the altars out of all Judah and Benjamin, in Ephraim also and Manasseh, until they had utterly destroyed them all. Then all the children of Israel returned, every man to his possession, into their own cities."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 32:29 "Moreover he provided him cities, and possessions of flocks and herds in abundance: for God had given him substance very much."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 32:33 "And Hezekiah slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the chiefest of the sepulchres of the sons of David: and all Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem did him honor at his death. And Manasseh his son reigned in his stead."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 34:1 "Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned in Jerusalem one and thirty years."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 34:11 "Even to the artificers and builders gave they it, to buy hewn stone, and timber for couplings, and to floor the houses which the kings of Judah had destroyed."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 35:25 "And Jeremiah lamented for Josiah: and all the singing men and the singing women spake of Josiah in their lamentations to this day, and made them an ordinance in Israel: and, behold, they are written in the lamentations."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 35:27 "And his deeds, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah."
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 36:20 "And them that had escaped from the sword carried he away to Babylon; where they were servants to him and his sons until the reign of the kingdom of Persia:"
Aspect0, 2 Chronicles 36:21 "To fulfil the word of the LORD by the mouth of Jeremiah, until the land had enjoyed her sabbaths: for as long as she lay desolate she kept sabbath, to fulfil threescore and ten years."
Aspect0, Ezra 2:70 "So the priests, and the Levites, and some of the people, and the singers, and the porters, and the Nethinims, dwelt in their cities, and all Israel in their cities."
Aspect0, Ezra 4:7 "And in the days of Artaxerxes wrote Bishlam, Mithredath, Tabeel, and the rest of their companions, unto Artaxerxes king of Persia; and the writing of the letter was written in the Syrian tongue, and interpreted in the Syrian tongue."
Aspect0, Ezra 8:21 "Then I proclaimed a fast there, at the river of Ahava, that we might afflict ourselves before our God, to seek of him a right way for us, and for our little ones, and for all our substance."
Aspect0, Ezra 10:25 "Moreover of Israel: of the sons of Parosh; Ramiah, and Jeziah, and Malchiah, and Miamin, and Eleazar, and Malchijah, and Benaiah."
Aspect0, Nehemiah 3:28 "From above the horse gate repaired the priests, every one over against his house."
Aspect0, Nehemiah 7:73 "So the priests, and the Levites, and the porters, and the singers, and some of the people, and the Nethinims, and all Israel, dwelt in their cities; and when the seventh month came, the children of Israel were in their cities."
Aspect0, Nehemiah 9:2 "And the seed of Israel separated themselves from all strangers, and stood and confessed their sins, and the iniquities of their fathers."
Aspect0, Nehemiah 9:9 "And didst see the affliction of our fathers in Egypt, and heardest their cry by the Red sea;"
Aspect0, Nehemiah 10:12 "Zaccur, Sherebiah, Shebaniah,"
Aspect0, Nehemiah 10:13 "Hodijah, Bani, Beninu."
Aspect0, Nehemiah 10:18 "Hodijah, Hashum, Bezai,"
Aspect0, Nehemiah 11:3 "Now these are the chief of the province that dwelt in Jerusalem: but in the cities of Judah dwelt every one in his possession in their cities, to wit, Israel, the priests, and the Levites, and the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon's servants."
Aspect0, Nehemiah 11:20 "And the residue of Israel, of the priests, and the Levites, were in all the cities of Judah, every one in his inheritance."
Aspect0, Nehemiah 11:36 "And of the Levites were divisions in Judah, and in Benjamin."
Aspect0, Nehemiah 12:5 "Miamin, Maadiah, Bilgah,"
Aspect0, Nehemiah 12:6 "Shemaiah, and Joiarib, Jedaiah,"
Aspect0, Nehemiah 12:11 "And Joiada begat Jonathan, and Jonathan begat Jaddua."
Aspect0, Nehemiah 12:18 "Of Bilgah, Shammua; of Shemaiah, Jehonathan;"
Aspect0, Nehemiah 12:19 "And of Joiarib, Mattenai; of Jedaiah, Uzzi;"
Aspect0, Nehemiah 12:34 "Judah, and Benjamin, and Shemaiah, and Jeremiah,"
Aspect0, Nehemiah 12:36 "And his brethren, Shemaiah, and Azarael, Milalai, Gilalai, Maai, Nethaneel, and Judah, Hanani, with the musical instruments of David the man of God, and Ezra the scribe before them."
Aspect0, Nehemiah 12:44 "And at that time were some appointed over the chambers for the treasures, for the offerings, for the firstfruits, and for the tithes, to gather into them out of the fields of the cities the portions of the law for the priests and Levites: for Judah rejoiced for the priests and for the Levites that waited."
Aspect0, Nehemiah 13:12 "Then brought all Judah the tithe of the corn and the new wine and the oil unto the treasuries."
Aspect0, Esther 1:2 "That in those days, when the king Ahasuerus sat on the throne of his kingdom, which was in Shushan the palace,"
Aspect0, Esther 1:4 "When he shewed the riches of his glorious kingdom and the honour of his excellent majesty many days, even an hundred and fourscore days."
Aspect0, Esther 2:6 "Who had been carried away from Jerusalem with the captivity which had been carried away with Jeconiah king of Judah, whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away."
Aspect0, Esther 2:12 "Now when every maid's turn was come to go in to king Ahasuerus, after that she had been twelve months, according to the manner of the women, (for so were the days of their purifications accomplished, to wit, six months with oil of myrrh, and six months with sweet odours, and with other things for the purifying of the women;)"
Aspect0, Esther 2:22 "And the thing was known to Mordecai, who told it unto Esther the queen; and Esther certified the king thereof in Mordecai's name."
Aspect0, Esther 5:6 "And the king said unto Esther at the banquet of wine, What is thy petition? and it shall be granted thee: and what is thy request? even to the half of the kingdom it shall be performed."
Aspect0, Esther 7:4 "For we are sold, I and my people, to be destroyed, to be slain, and to perish. But if we had been sold for bondmen and bondwomen, I had held my tongue, although the enemy could not countervail the king's damage."
Aspect0, Esther 8:16 "The Jews had light, and gladness, and joy, and honour."
Aspect0, Esther 9:6 "And in Shushan the palace the Jews slew and destroyed five hundred men."
Aspect0, Esther 9:28 "And that these days should be remembered and kept throughout every generation, every family, every province, and every city; and that these days of Purim should not fail from among the Jews, nor the memorial of them perish from their seed."
Aspect0, Esther 9:31 "To confirm these days of Purim in their times appointed, according as Mordecai the Jew and Esther the queen had enjoined them, and as they had decreed for themselves and for their seed, the matters of the fastings and their cry."
Aspect0, Job 1:22 "In all this Job sinned not, nor charged God foolishly."
Aspect0, Job 3:14 "With kings and counsellors of the earth, which build desolate places for themselves;"
Aspect0, Job 6:24 "Teach me, and I will hold my tongue: and cause me to understand wherein I have erred."
Aspect0, Job 6:25 "How forcible are right words! but what doth your arguing reprove?"
Aspect0, Job 7:11 "Therefore I will not refrain my mouth; I will speak in the anguish of my spirit; I will complain in the bitterness of my soul."
Aspect0, Job 8:8 "For enquire, I pray thee, of the former age, and prepare thyself to the search of their fathers:"
Aspect0, Job 9:26 "They are passed away as the swift ships: as the eagle that hasteth to the prey."
Aspect0, Job 10:19 "I should have been as though I had not been; I should have been carried from the womb to the grave."
Aspect0, Job 12:23 "He increaseth the nations, and destroyeth them: he enlargeth the nations, and straiteneth them again."
Aspect0, Job 13:19 "Who is he that will plead with me? for now, if I hold my tongue, I shall give up the ghost."
Aspect0, Job 15:18 "Which wise men have told from their fathers, and have not hid it:"
Aspect0, Job 15:28 "And he dwelleth in desolate cities, and in houses which no man inhabiteth, which are ready to become heaps."
Aspect0, Job 15:31 "Let not him that is deceived trust in vanity: for vanity shall be his recompence."
Aspect0, Job 15:33 "He shall shake off his unripe grape as the vine, and shall cast off his flower as the olive."
Aspect0, Job 17:2 "Are there not mockers with me? and doth not mine eye continue in their provocation?"
Aspect0, Job 18:8 "For he is cast into a net by his own feet, and he walketh upon a snare."
Aspect0, Job 20:12 "Though wickedness be sweet in his mouth, though he hide it under his tongue;"
Aspect0, Job 20:16 "He shall suck the poison of asps: the viper's tongue shall slay him."
Aspect0, Job 21:26 "They shall lie down alike in the dust, and the worms shall cover them."
Aspect0, Job 23:13 "But he is in one mind, and who can turn him? and what his soul desireth, even that he doeth."
Aspect0, Job 24:14 "The murderer rising with the light killeth the poor and needy, and in the night is as a thief."
Aspect0, Job 26:14 "Lo, these are parts of his ways: but how little a portion is heard of him? but the thunder of his power who can understand?"
Aspect0, Job 27:4 "My lips shall not speak wickedness, nor my tongue utter deceit."
Aspect0, Job 27:15 "Those that remain of him shall be buried in death: and his widows shall not weep."
Aspect0, Job 28:8 "The lion's whelps have not trodden it, nor the fierce lion passed by it."
Aspect0, Job 28:10 "He cutteth out rivers among the rocks; and his eye seeth every precious thing."
Aspect0, Job 29:19 "My root was spread out by the waters, and the dew lay all night upon my branch."
Aspect0, Job 30:6 "To dwell in the cliffs of the valleys, in caves of the earth, and in the rocks."
Aspect0, Job 30:25 "Did not I weep for him that was in trouble? was not my soul grieved for the poor?"
Aspect0, Job 31:16 "If I have withheld the poor from their desire, or have caused the eyes of the widow to fail;"
Aspect0, Job 34:6 "Should I lie against my right? my wound is incurable without transgression."
Aspect0, Job 34:25 "Therefore he knoweth their works, and he overturneth them in the night, so that they are destroyed."
Aspect0, Job 34:27 "Because they turned back from him, and would not consider any of his ways:"
Aspect0, Job 36:15 "He delivereth the poor in his affliction, and openeth their ears in oppression."
Aspect0, Job 37:24 "Men do therefore fear him: he respecteth not any that are wise of heart."
Aspect0, Job 40:10 "Deck thyself now with majesty and excellency; and array thyself with glory and beauty."
Aspect0, Job 40:22 "The shady trees cover him with their shadow; the willows of the brook compass him about."
Aspect0, Job 41:12 "I will not conceal his parts, nor his power, nor his comely proportion."
Aspect0, Job 41:29 "Darts are counted as stubble: he laugheth at the shaking of a spear."
Aspect0, Psalm 5:9 "For there is no faithfulness in their mouth; their inward part is very wickedness; their throat is an open sepulchre; they flatter with their tongue."
Aspect0, Psalm 9:3 "When mine enemies are turned back, they shall fall and perish at thy presence."
Aspect0, Psalm 10:5 "His ways are always grievous; thy judgments are far above out of his sight: as for all his enemies, he puffeth at them."
Aspect0, Psalm 10:7 "His mouth is full of cursing and deceit and fraud: under his tongue is mischief and vanity."
Aspect0, Psalm 11:3 "If the foundations be destroyed, what can the righteous do?"
Aspect0, Psalm 13:5 "But I have trusted in thy mercy; my heart shall rejoice in thy salvation."
Aspect0, Psalm 15:5 "He that putteth not out his money to usury, nor taketh reward against the innocent. He that doeth these things shall never be moved."
Aspect0, Psalm 17:8 "Keep me as the apple of the eye, hide me under the shadow of thy wings,"
Aspect0, Psalm 17:9 "From the wicked that oppress me, from my deadly enemies, who compass me about."
Aspect0, Psalm 18:12 "At the brightness that was before him his thick clouds passed, hail stones and coals of fire."
Aspect0, Psalm 18:44 "As soon as they hear of me, they shall obey me: the strangers shall submit themselves unto me."
Aspect0, Psalm 18:50 "Great deliverance giveth he to his king; and sheweth mercy to his anointed, to David, and to his seed for evermore."
Aspect0, Psalm 22:20 "Deliver my soul from the sword; my darling from the power of the dog."
Aspect0, Psalm 27:12 "Deliver me not over unto the will of mine enemies: for false witnesses are risen up against me, and such as breathe out cruelty."
Aspect0, Psalm 31:9 "Have mercy upon me, O LORD, for I am in trouble: mine eye is consumed with grief, yea, my soul and my belly."
Aspect0, Psalm 33:19 "To deliver their soul from death, and to keep them alive in famine."
Aspect0, Psalm 34:13 "Keep thy tongue from evil, and thy lips from speaking guile."
Aspect0, Psalm 35:4 "Let them be confounded and put to shame that seek after my soul: let them be turned back and brought to confusion that devise my hurt."
Aspect0, Psalm 39:3 "My heart was hot within me, while I was musing the fire burned: then spake I with my tongue,"
Aspect0, Psalm 39:6 "Surely every man walketh in a vain shew: surely they are disquieted in vain: he heapeth up riches, and knoweth not who shall gather them."
Aspect0, Psalm 42:6 "O my God, my soul is cast down within me: therefore will I remember thee from the land of Jordan, and of the Hermonites, from the hill Mizar."
Aspect0, Psalm 44:1 "We have heard with our ears, O God, our fathers have told us, what work thou didst in their days, in the times of old."
Aspect0, Psalm 44:21 "Shall not God search this out? for he knoweth the secrets of the heart."
Aspect0, Psalm 45:6 "Thy throne, O God, is for ever and ever: the sceptre of thy kingdom is a right sceptre."
Aspect0, Psalm 48:2 "Beautiful for situation, the joy of the whole earth, is mount Zion, on the sides of the north, the city of the great King."
Aspect0, Psalm 48:3 "God is known in her palaces for a refuge."
Aspect0, Psalm 48:4 "For, lo, the kings were assembled, they passed by together."
Aspect0, Psalm 48:9 "We have thought of thy lovingkindness, O God, in the midst of thy temple."
Aspect0, Psalm 49:15 "But God will redeem my soul from the power of the grave: for he shall receive me. Selah."
Aspect0, Psalm 52:2 "The tongue deviseth mischiefs; like a sharp razor, working deceitfully."
Aspect0, Psalm 54:3 "For strangers are risen up against me, and oppressors seek after my soul: they have not set God before them. Selah."
Aspect0, Psalm 55:1 "Give ear to my prayer, O God; and hide not thyself from my supplication."
Aspect0, Psalm 56:6 "They gather themselves together, they hide themselves, they mark my steps, when they wait for my soul."
Aspect0, Psalm 57:6 "They have prepared a net for my steps; my soul is bowed down: they have digged a pit before me, into the midst whereof they are fallen themselves. Selah."
Aspect0, Psalm 58:3 "The wicked are estranged from the womb: they go astray as soon as they be born, speaking lies."
Aspect0, Psalm 63:5 "My soul shall be satisfied as with marrow and fatness; and my mouth shall praise thee with joyful lips:"
Aspect0, Psalm 64:3 "Who whet their tongue like a sword, and bend their bows to shoot their arrows, even bitter words:"
Aspect0, Psalm 64:6 "They search out iniquities; they accomplish a diligent search: both the inward thought of every one of them, and the heart, is deep."
Aspect0, Psalm 64:7 "But God shall shoot at them with an arrow; suddenly shall they be wounded."
Aspect0, Psalm 66:7 "He ruleth by his power for ever; his eyes behold the nations: let not the rebellious exalt themselves. Selah."
Aspect0, Psalm 68:12 "Kings of armies did flee apace: and she that tarried at home divided the spoil."
Aspect0, Psalm 68:23 "That thy foot may be dipped in the blood of thine enemies, and the tongue of thy dogs in the same."
Aspect0, Psalm 68:27 "There is little Benjamin with their ruler, the princes of Judah and their council, the princes of Zebulun, and the princes of Naphtali."
Aspect0, Psalm 69:14 "Deliver me out of the mire, and let me not sink: let me be delivered from them that hate me, and out of the deep waters."
Aspect0, Psalm 69:18 "Draw nigh unto my soul, and redeem it: deliver me because of mine enemies."
Aspect0, Psalm 69:24 "Pour out thine indignation upon them, and let thy wrathful anger take hold of them."
Aspect0, Psalm 69:30 "I will praise the name of God with a song, and will magnify him with thanksgiving."
Aspect0, Psalm 69:35 "For God will save Zion, and will build the cities of Judah: that they may dwell there, and have it in possession."
Aspect0, Psalm 70:2 "Let them be ashamed and confounded that seek after my soul: let them be turned backward, and put to confusion, that desire my hurt."
Aspect0, Psalm 70:3 "Let them be turned back for a reward of their shame that say, Aha, aha."
Aspect0, Psalm 71:13 "Let them be confounded and consumed that are adversaries to my soul; let them be covered with reproach and dishonour that seek my hurt."
Aspect0, Psalm 73:4 "For there are no bands in their death: but their strength is firm."
Aspect0, Psalm 73:6 "Therefore pride compasseth them about as a chain; violence covereth them as a garment."
Aspect0, Psalm 73:9 "They set their mouth against the heavens, and their tongue walketh through the earth."
Aspect0, Psalm 73:16 "When I thought to know this, it was too painful for me;"
Aspect0, Psalm 74:4 "Thine enemies roar in the midst of thy congregations; they set up their ensigns for signs."
Aspect0, Psalm 76:1 "In Judah is God known: his name is great in Israel."
Aspect0, Psalm 77:19 "Thy way is in the sea, and thy path in the great waters, and thy footsteps are not known."
Aspect0, Psalm 78:3 "Which we have heard and known, and our fathers have told us."
Aspect0, Psalm 78:33 "Therefore their days did he consume in vanity, and their years in trouble."
Aspect0, Psalm 78:41 "Yea, they turned back and tempted God, and limited the Holy One of Israel."
Aspect0, Psalm 78:45 "He sent divers sorts of flies among them, which devoured them; and frogs, which destroyed them."
Aspect0, Psalm 78:66 "And he smote his enemies in the hinder parts: he put them to a perpetual reproach."
Aspect0, Psalm 87:4 "I will make mention of Rahab and Babylon to them that know me: behold Philistia, and Tyre, with Ethiopia; this man was born there."
Aspect0, Psalm 89:4 "Thy seed will I establish for ever, and build up thy throne to all generations. Selah."
Aspect0, Psalm 89:28 "My mercy will I keep for him for evermore, and my covenant shall stand fast with him."
Aspect0, Psalm 89:51 "Wherewith thine enemies have reproached, O LORD; wherewith they have reproached the footsteps of thine anointed."
Aspect0, Psalm 90:9 "For all our days are passed away in thy wrath: we spend our years as a tale that is told."
Aspect0, Psalm 91:6 "Nor for the pestilence that walketh in darkness; nor for the destruction that wasteth at noonday."
Aspect0, Psalm 92:7 "When the wicked spring as the grass, and when all the workers of iniquity do flourish; it is that they shall be destroyed for ever:"
Aspect0, Psalm 92:9 "For, lo, thine enemies, O LORD, for, lo, thine enemies shall perish; all the workers of iniquity shall be scattered."
Aspect0, Psalm 94:19 "In the multitude of my thoughts within me thy comforts delight my soul."
Aspect0, Psalm 103:14 "For he knoweth our frame; he remembereth that we are dust."
Aspect0, Psalm 104:2 "Who coverest thyself with light as with a garment: who stretchest out the heavens like a curtain:"
Aspect0, Psalm 104:3 "Who layeth the beams of his chambers in the waters: who maketh the clouds his chariot: who walketh upon the wings of the wind:"
Aspect0, Psalm 106:6 "We have sinned with our fathers, we have committed iniquity, we have done wickedly."
Aspect0, Psalm 106:7 "Our fathers understood not thy wonders in Egypt; they remembered not the multitude of thy mercies; but provoked him at the sea, even at the Red sea."
Aspect0, Psalm 107:5 "Hungry and thirsty, their soul fainted in them."
Aspect0, Psalm 107:9 "For he satisfieth the longing soul, and filleth the hungry soul with goodness."
Aspect0, Psalm 107:22 "And let them sacrifice the sacrifices of thanksgiving, and declare his works with rejoicing."
Aspect0, Psalm 114:2 "Judah was his sanctuary, and Israel his dominion."
Aspect0, Psalm 114:3 "The sea saw it, and fled: Jordan was driven back."
Aspect0, Psalm 116:3 "The sorrows of death compassed me, and the pains of hell gat hold upon me: I found trouble and sorrow."
Aspect0, Psalm 119:22 "Remove from me reproach and contempt; for I have kept thy testimonies."
Aspect0, Psalm 119:56 "This I had, because I kept thy precepts."
Aspect0, Psalm 119:69 "The proud have forged a lie against me: but I will keep thy precepts with my whole heart."
Aspect0, Psalm 119:129 "Thy testimonies are wonderful: therefore doth my soul keep them."
Aspect0, Psalm 119:134 "Deliver me from the oppression of man: so will I keep thy precepts."
Aspect0, Psalm 119:150 "They draw nigh that follow after mischief: they are far from thy law."
Aspect0, Psalm 119:153 "Consider mine affliction, and deliver me: for I do not forget thy law."
Aspect0, Psalm 119:172 "My tongue shall speak of thy word: for all thy commandments are righteousness."
Aspect0, Psalm 130:8 "And he shall redeem Israel from all his iniquities."
Aspect0, Psalm 132:18 "His enemies will I clothe with shame: but upon himself shall his crown flourish."
Aspect0, Psalm 136:4 "To him who alone doeth great wonders: for his mercy endureth for ever."
Aspect0, Psalm 136:5 "To him that by wisdom made the heavens: for his mercy endureth for ever."
Aspect0, Psalm 136:9 "The moon and stars to rule by night: for his mercy endureth for ever."
Aspect0, Psalm 136:13 "To him which divided the Red sea into parts: for his mercy endureth for ever:"
Aspect0, Psalm 136:14 "And made Israel to pass through the midst of it: for his mercy endureth for ever:"
Aspect0, Psalm 136:15 "But overthrew Pharaoh and his host in the Red sea: for his mercy endureth for ever."
Aspect0, Psalm 136:17 "To him which smote great kings: for his mercy endureth for ever:"
Aspect0, Psalm 136:18 "And slew famous kings: for his mercy endureth for ever:"
Aspect0, Psalm 136:19 "Sihon king of the Amorites: for his mercy endureth for ever:"
Aspect0, Psalm 136:21 "And gave their land for an heritage: for his mercy endureth for ever:"
Aspect0, Psalm 136:23 "Who remembered us in our low estate: for his mercy endureth for ever:"
Aspect0, Psalm 140:9 "As for the head of those that compass me about, let the mischief of their own lips cover them."
Aspect0, Psalm 141:6 "When their judges are overthrown in stony places, they shall hear my words; for they are sweet."
Aspect0, Psalm 143:12 "And of thy mercy cut off mine enemies, and destroy all them that afflict my soul: for I am thy servant."
Aspect0, Psalm 145:11 "They shall speak of the glory of thy kingdom, and talk of thy power;"
Aspect0, Psalm 145:12 "To make known to the sons of men his mighty acts, and the glorious majesty of his kingdom."
Aspect0, Psalm 145:13 "Thy kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and thy dominion endureth throughout all generations."
Aspect0, Psalm 146:9 "The LORD preserveth the strangers; he relieveth the fatherless and widow: but the way of the wicked he turneth upside down."
Aspect0, Proverbs 4:26 "Ponder the path of thy feet, and let all thy ways be established."
Aspect0, Proverbs 5:3 "For the lips of a strange woman drop as an honeycomb, and her mouth is smoother than oil:"
Aspect0, Proverbs 5:14 "I was almost in all evil in the midst of the congregation and assembly."
Aspect0, Proverbs 6:7 "Which having no guide, overseer, or ruler,"
Aspect0, Proverbs 6:32 "But whoso committeth adultery with a woman lacketh understanding: he that doeth it destroyeth his own soul."
Aspect0, Proverbs 7:3 "Bind them upon thy fingers, write them upon the table of thine heart."
Aspect0, Proverbs 7:17 "I have perfumed my bed with myrrh, aloes, and cinnamon."
Aspect0, Proverbs 8:9 "They are all plain to him that understandeth, and right to them that find knowledge."
Aspect0, Proverbs 8:36 "But he that sinneth against me wrongeth his own soul: all they that hate me love death."
Aspect0, Proverbs 9:4 "Whoso is simple, let him turn in hither: as for him that wanteth understanding, she saith to him,"
Aspect0, Proverbs 9:13 "A foolish woman is clamorous: she is simple, and knoweth nothing."
Aspect0, Proverbs 9:16 "Whoso is simple, let him turn in hither: and as for him that wanteth understanding, she saith to him,"
Aspect0, Proverbs 10:9 "He that walketh uprightly walketh surely: but he that perverteth his ways shall be known."
Aspect0, Proverbs 10:20 "The tongue of the just is as choice silver: the heart of the wicked is little worth."
Aspect0, Proverbs 13:13 "Whoso despiseth the word shall be destroyed: but he that feareth the commandment shall be rewarded."
Aspect0, Proverbs 14:4 "Where no oxen are, the crib is clean: but much increase is by the strength of the ox."
Aspect0, Proverbs 14:5 "A faithful witness will not lie: but a false witness will utter lies."
Aspect0, Proverbs 14:33 "Wisdom resteth in the heart of him that hath understanding: but that which is in the midst of fools is made known."
Aspect0, Proverbs 15:2 "The tongue of the wise useth knowledge aright: but the mouth of fools poureth out foolishness."
Aspect0, Proverbs 15:17 "Better is a dinner of herbs where love is, than a stalled ox and hatred therewith."
Aspect0, Proverbs 15:21 "Folly is joy to him that is destitute of wisdom: but a man of understanding walketh uprightly."
Aspect0, Proverbs 15:32 "He that refuseth instruction despiseth his own soul: but he that heareth reproof getteth understanding."
Aspect0, Proverbs 17:4 "A wicked doer giveth heed to false lips; and a liar giveth ear to a naughty tongue."
Aspect0, Proverbs 18:7 "A fool's mouth is his destruction, and his lips are the snare of his soul."
Aspect0, Proverbs 19:1 "Better is the poor that walketh in his integrity, than he that is perverse in his lips, and is a fool."
Aspect0, Proverbs 19:8 "He that getteth wisdom loveth his own soul: he that keepeth understanding shall find good."
Aspect0, Proverbs 19:9 "A false witness shall not be unpunished, and he that speaketh lies shall perish."
Aspect0, Proverbs 19:29 "Judgments are prepared for scorners, and stripes for the back of fools."
Aspect0, Proverbs 20:1 "Wine is a mocker, strong drink is raging: and whosoever is deceived thereby is not wise."
Aspect0, Proverbs 20:28 "Mercy and truth preserve the king: and his throne is upholden by mercy."
Aspect0, Proverbs 20:30 "The blueness of a wound cleanseth away evil: so do stripes the inward parts of the belly."
Aspect0, Proverbs 21:5 "The thoughts of the diligent tend only to plenteousness; but of every one that is hasty only to want."
Aspect0, Proverbs 21:6 "The getting of treasures by a lying tongue is a vanity tossed to and fro of them that seek death."
Aspect0, Proverbs 21:8 "The way of man is froward and strange: but as for the pure, his work is right."
Aspect0, Proverbs 21:9 "It is better to dwell in a corner of the housetop, than with a brawling woman in a wide house."
Aspect0, Proverbs 21:14 "A gift in secret pacifieth anger: and a reward in the bosom strong wrath."
Aspect0, Proverbs 21:23 "Whoso keepeth his mouth and his tongue keepeth his soul from troubles."
Aspect0, Proverbs 21:28 "A false witness shall perish: but the man that heareth speaketh constantly."
Aspect0, Proverbs 22:28 "Remove not the ancient landmark, which thy fathers have set."
Aspect0, Proverbs 23:27 "For a whore is a deep ditch; and a strange woman is a narrow pit."
Aspect0, Proverbs 23:31 "Look not thou upon the wine when it is red, when it giveth his colour in the cup, when it moveth itself aright."
Aspect0, Proverbs 23:33 "Thine eyes shall behold strange women, and thine heart shall utter perverse things."
Aspect0, Proverbs 24:11 "If thou forbear to deliver them that are drawn unto death, and those that are ready to be slain;"
Aspect0, Proverbs 24:16 "For a just man falleth seven times, and riseth up again: but the wicked shall fall into mischief."
Aspect0, Proverbs 24:27 "Prepare thy work without, and make it fit for thyself in the field; and afterwards build thine house."
Aspect0, Proverbs 25:15 "By long forbearing is a prince persuaded, and a soft tongue breaketh the bone."
Aspect0, Proverbs 25:24 "It is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop, than with a brawling woman and in a wide house."
Aspect0, Proverbs 25:25 "As cold waters to a thirsty soul, so is good news from a far country."
Aspect0, Proverbs 26:3 "A whip for the horse, a bridle for the ass, and a rod for the fool's back."
Aspect0, Proverbs 26:8 "As he that bindeth a stone in a sling, so is he that giveth honour to a fool."
Aspect0, Proverbs 26:18 "As a mad man who casteth firebrands, arrows, and death,"
Aspect0, Proverbs 26:19 "So is the man that deceiveth his neighbour, and saith, Am not I in sport?"
Aspect0, Proverbs 26:24 "He that hateth dissembleth with his lips, and layeth up deceit within him;"
Aspect0, Proverbs 27:7 "The full soul loatheth an honeycomb; but to the hungry soul every bitter thing is sweet."
Aspect0, Proverbs 28:23 "He that rebuketh a man afterwards shall find more favour than he that flattereth with the tongue."
Aspect0, Proverbs 29:1 "He, that being often reproved hardeneth his neck, shall suddenly be destroyed, and that without remedy."
Aspect0, Proverbs 29:11 "A fool uttereth all his mind: but a wise man keepeth it in till afterwards."
Aspect0, Proverbs 29:24 "Whoso is partner with a thief hateth his own soul: he heareth cursing, and bewrayeth it not."
Aspect0, Proverbs 31:23 "Her husband is known in the gates, when he sitteth among the elders of the land."
Aspect0, Proverbs 31:24 "She maketh fine linen, and selleth it; and delivereth girdles unto the merchant."
Aspect0, Proverbs 31:26 "She openeth her mouth with wisdom; and in her tongue is the law of kindness."
Aspect0, Ecclesiastes 4:9 "Two are better than one; because they have a good reward for their labour."
Aspect0, Ecclesiastes 8:11 "Because sentence against an evil work is not executed speedily, therefore the heart of the sons of men is fully set in them to do evil."
Aspect0, Ecclesiastes 10:8 "He that diggeth a pit shall fall into it; and whoso breaketh an hedge, a serpent shall bite him."
Aspect0, Ecclesiastes 12:11 "The words of the wise are as goads, and as nails fastened by the masters of assemblies, which are given from one shepherd."
Aspect0, Song of Solomon 4:10 "How fair is thy love, my sister, my spouse! how much better is thy love than wine! and the smell of thine ointments than all spices!"
Aspect0, Song of Solomon 4:11 "Thy lips, O my spouse, drop as the honeycomb: honey and milk are under thy tongue; and the smell of thy garments is like the smell of Lebanon."
Aspect0, Song of Solomon 4:12 "A garden inclosed is my sister, my spouse; a spring shut up, a fountain sealed."
Aspect0, Song of Solomon 5:1 "I am come into my garden, my sister, my spouse: I have gathered my myrrh with my spice; I have eaten my honeycomb with my honey; I have drunk my wine with my milk: eat, O friends; drink, yea, drink abundantly, O beloved."
Aspect0, Song of Solomon 5:13 "His cheeks are as a bed of spices, as sweet flowers: his lips like lilies, dropping sweet smelling myrrh."
Aspect0, Song of Solomon 6:2 "My beloved is gone down into his garden, to the beds of spices, to feed in the gardens, and to gather lilies."
Aspect0, Song of Solomon 6:7 "As a piece of a pomegranate are thy temples within thy locks."
Aspect0, Song of Solomon 6:12 "Or ever I was aware, my soul made me like the chariots of Amminadib."
Aspect0, Song of Solomon 8:6 "Set me as a seal upon thine heart, as a seal upon thine arm: for love is strong as death; jealousy is cruel as the grave: the coals thereof are coals of fire, which hath a most vehement flame."
Aspect0, Song of Solomon 8:9 "If she be a wall, we will build upon her a palace of silver: and if she be a door, we will inclose her with boards of cedar."
Aspect0, Isaiah 1:3 "The ox knoweth his owner, and the ass his master's crib: but Israel doth not know, my people doth not consider."
Aspect0, Isaiah 1:7 "Your country is desolate, your cities are burned with fire: your land, strangers devour it in your presence, and it is desolate, as overthrown by strangers."
Aspect0, Isaiah 1:8 "And the daughter of Zion is left as a cottage in a vineyard, as a lodge in a garden of cucumbers, as a besieged city."
Aspect0, Isaiah 1:31 "And the strong shall be as tow, and the maker of it as a spark, and they shall both burn together, and none shall quench them."
Aspect0, Isaiah 9:1 "Nevertheless the dimness shall not be such as was in her vexation, when at the first he lightly afflicted the land of Zebulun and the land of Naphtali, and afterward did more grievously afflict her by the way of the sea, beyond Jordan, in Galilee of the nations."
Aspect0, Isaiah 9:15 "The ancient and honourable, he is the head; and the prophet that teacheth lies, he is the tail."
Aspect0, Isaiah 9:16 "For the leaders of this people cause them to err; and they that are led of them are destroyed."
Aspect0, Isaiah 10:9 "Is not Calno as Carchemish? is not Hamath as Arpad? is not Samaria as Damascus?"
Aspect0, Isaiah 10:18 "And shall consume the glory of his forest, and of his fruitful field, both soul and body: and they shall be as when a standard-bearer fainteth."
Aspect0, Isaiah 11:12 "And he shall set up an ensign for the nations, and shall assemble the outcasts of Israel, and gather together the dispersed of Judah from the four corners of the earth."
Aspect0, Isaiah 11:13 "The envy also of Ephraim shall depart, and the adversaries of Judah shall be cut off: Ephraim shall not envy Judah, and Judah shall not vex Ephraim."
Aspect0, Isaiah 14:17 "That made the world as a wilderness, and destroyed the cities thereof; that opened not the house of his prisoners?"
Aspect0, Isaiah 14:18 "All the kings of the nations, even all of them, lie in glory, every one in his own house."
Aspect0, Isaiah 14:21 "Prepare slaughter for his children for the iniquity of their fathers; that they do not rise, nor possess the land, nor fill the face of the world with cities."
Aspect0, Isaiah 15:3 "In their streets they shall gird themselves with sackcloth: on the tops of their houses, and in their streets, every one shall howl, weeping abundantly."
Aspect0, Isaiah 16:2 "For it shall be, that, as a wandering bird cast out of the nest, so the daughters of Moab shall be at the fords of Arnon."
Aspect0, Isaiah 16:3 "Take counsel, execute judgment; make thy shadow as the night in the midst of the noonday; hide the outcasts; bewray not him that wandereth."
Aspect0, Isaiah 17:2 "The cities of Aroer are forsaken: they shall be for flocks, which shall lie down, and none shall make them afraid."
Aspect0, Isaiah 17:3 "The fortress also shall cease from Ephraim, and the kingdom from Damascus, and the remnant of Syria: they shall be as the glory of the children of Israel, saith the LORD of hosts."
Aspect0, Isaiah 17:9 "In that day shall his strong cities be as a forsaken bough, and an uppermost branch, which they left because of the children of Israel: and there shall be desolation."
Aspect0, Isaiah 18:1 "Woe to the land shadowing with wings, which is beyond the rivers of Ethiopia:"
Aspect0, Isaiah 19:2 "And I will set the Egyptians against the Egyptians: and they shall fight every one against his brother, and every one against his neighbour; city against city, and kingdom against kingdom."
Aspect0, Isaiah 23:3 "And by great waters the seed of Sihor, the harvest of the river, is her revenue; and she is a mart of nations."
Aspect0, Isaiah 28:1 "Woe to the crown of pride, to the drunkards of Ephraim, whose glorious beauty is a fading flower, which are on the head of the fat valleys of them that are overcome with wine!"
Aspect0, Isaiah 29:8 "It shall even be as when an hungry man dreameth, and, behold, he eateth; but he awaketh, and his soul is empty: or as when a thirsty man dreameth, and, behold, he drinketh; but he awaketh, and, behold, he is faint, and his soul hath appetite: so shall the multitude of all the nations be, that fight against mount Zion."
Aspect0, Isaiah 30:11 "Get you out of the way, turn aside out of the path, cause the Holy One of Israel to cease from before us."
Aspect0, Isaiah 30:12 "Wherefore thus saith the Holy One of Israel, Because ye despise this word, and trust in oppression and perverseness, and stay thereon:"
Aspect0, Isaiah 30:28 "And his breath, as an overflowing stream, shall reach to the midst of the neck, to sift the nations with the sieve of vanity: and there shall be a bridle in the jaws of the people, causing them to err."
Aspect0, Isaiah 34:12 "They shall call the nobles thereof to the kingdom, but none shall be there, and all her princes shall be nothing."
Aspect0, Isaiah 35:6 "Then shall the lame man leap as an hart, and the tongue of the dumb sing: for in the wilderness shall waters break out, and streams in the desert."
Aspect0, Isaiah 37:12 "Have the gods of the nations delivered them which my fathers have destroyed, as Gozan, and Haran, and Rezeph, and the children of Eden which were in Telassar?"
Aspect0, Isaiah 40:15 "Behold, the nations are as a drop of a bucket, and are counted as the small dust of the balance: behold, he taketh up the isles as a very little thing."
Aspect0, Isaiah 44:20 "He feedeth on ashes: a deceived heart hath turned him aside, that he cannot deliver his soul, nor say, Is there not a lie in my right hand?"
Aspect0, Isaiah 44:25 "That frustrateth the tokens of the liars, and maketh diviners mad; that turneth wise men backward, and maketh their knowledge foolish;"
Aspect0, Isaiah 44:26 "That confirmeth the word of his servant, and performeth the counsel of his messengers; that saith to Jerusalem, Thou shalt be inhabited; and to the cities of Judah, Ye shall be built, and I will raise up the decayed places thereof:"
Aspect0, Isaiah 44:27 "That saith to the deep, Be dry, and I will dry up thy rivers:"
Aspect0, Isaiah 45:13 "I have raised him up in righteousness, and I will direct all his ways: he shall build my city, and he shall let go my captives, not for price nor reward, saith the LORD of hosts."
Aspect0, Isaiah 51:21 "Therefore hear now this, thou afflicted, and drunken, but not with wine:"
Aspect0, Isaiah 53:5 "But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed."
Aspect0, Isaiah 54:2 "Enlarge the place of thy tent, and let them stretch forth the curtains of thine habitations: spare not, lengthen thy cords, and strengthen thy stakes;"
Aspect0, Isaiah 55:9 "For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts than your thoughts."
Aspect0, Isaiah 59:18 "According to their deeds, accordingly he will repay, fury to his adversaries, recompence to his enemies; to the islands he will repay recompence."
Aspect0, Isaiah 61:5 "And strangers shall stand and feed your flocks, and the sons of the alien shall be your plowmen and your vinedressers."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 3:18 "In those days the house of Judah shall walk with the house of Israel, and they shall come together out of the land of the north to the land that I have given for an inheritance unto your fathers."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 4:16 "Make ye mention to the nations; behold, publish against Jerusalem, that watchers come from a far country, and give out their voice against the cities of Judah."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 4:29 "The whole city shall flee for the noise of the horsemen and bowmen; they shall go into thickets, and climb up upon the rocks: every city shall be forsaken, and not a man dwell therein."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 5:31 "The prophets prophesy falsely, and the priests bear rule by their means; and my people love to have it so: and what will ye do in the end thereof?"
Aspect0, Jeremiah 6:9 "Thus saith the LORD of hosts, They shall throughly glean the remnant of Israel as a vine: turn back thine hand as a grapegatherer into the baskets."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 7:17 "Seest thou not what they do in the cities of Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem?"
Aspect0, Jeremiah 7:34 "Then will I cause to cease from the cities of Judah, and from the streets of Jerusalem, the voice of mirth, and the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom, and the voice of the bride: for the land shall be desolate."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 9:14 "But have walked after the imagination of their own heart, and after Baalim, which their fathers taught them:"
Aspect0, Jeremiah 10:19 "Woe is me for my hurt! my wound is grievous; but I said, Truly this is a grief, and I must bear it."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 12:7 "I have forsaken mine house, I have left mine heritage; I have given the dearly beloved of my soul into the hand of her enemies."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 12:10 "Many pastors have destroyed my vineyard, they have trodden my portion under foot, they have made my pleasant portion a desolate wilderness."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 13:19 "The cities of the south shall be shut up, and none shall open them: Judah shall be carried away captive all of it, it shall be wholly carried away captive."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 17:1 "The sin of Judah is written with a pen of iron, and with the point of a diamond: it is graven upon the table of their heart, and upon the horns of your altars;"
Aspect0, Jeremiah 17:3 "O my mountain in the field, I will give thy substance and all thy treasures to the spoil, and thy high places for sin, throughout all thy borders."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 17:11 "As the partridge sitteth on eggs, and hatcheth them not; so he that getteth riches, and not by right, shall leave them in the midst of his days, and at his end shall be a fool."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 17:25 "Then shall there enter into the gates of this city kings and princes sitting upon the throne of David, riding in chariots and on horses, they, and their princes, the men of Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem: and this city shall remain for ever."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 18:16 "To make their land desolate, and a perpetual hissing; every one that passeth thereby shall be astonished, and wag his head."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 20:4 "For thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will make thee a terror to thyself, and to all thy friends: and they shall fall by the sword of their enemies, and thine eyes shall behold it: and I will give all Judah into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall carry them captive into Babylon, and shall slay them with the sword."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 20:17 "Because he slew me not from the womb; or that my mother might have been my grave, and her womb to be always great with me."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 22:4 "For if ye do this thing indeed, then shall there enter in by the gates of this house kings sitting upon the throne of David, riding in chariots and on horses, he, and his servants, and his people."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 22:13 "Woe unto him that buildeth his house by unrighteousness, and his chambers by wrong; that useth his neighbour's service without wages, and giveth him not for his work;"
Aspect0, Jeremiah 22:14 "That saith, I will build me a wide house and large chambers, and cutteth him out windows; and it is cieled with cedar, and painted with vermilion."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 22:20 "Go up to Lebanon, and cry; and lift up thy voice in Bashan, and cry from the passages: for all thy lovers are destroyed."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 23:39 "Therefore, behold, I, even I, will utterly forget you, and I will forsake you, and the city that I gave you and your fathers, and cast you out of my presence:"
Aspect0, Jeremiah 25:8 "Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts; Because ye have not heard my words,"
Aspect0, Jeremiah 28:9 "The prophet which prophesieth of peace, when the word of the prophet shall come to pass, then shall the prophet be known, that the LORD hath truly sent him."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 29:29 "And Zephaniah the priest read this letter in the ears of Jeremiah the prophet."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 30:18 "Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will bring again the captivity of Jacob's tents, and have mercy on his dwellingplaces; and the city shall be builded upon her own heap, and the palace shall remain after the manner thereof."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 31:25 "For I have satiated the weary soul, and I have replenished every sorrowful soul."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 32:36 "And now therefore thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel, concerning this city, whereof ye say, It shall be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon by the sword, and by the famine, and by the pestilence;"
Aspect0, Jeremiah 32:44 "Men shall buy fields for money, and subscribe evidences, and seal them, and take witnesses in the land of Benjamin, and in the places about Jerusalem, and in the cities of Judah, and in the cities of the mountains, and in the cities of the valley, and in the cities of the south: for I will cause their captivity to return, saith the LORD."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 33:7 "And I will cause the captivity of Judah and the captivity of Israel to return, and will build them, as at the first."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 33:13 "In the cities of the mountains, in the cities of the vale, and in the cities of the south, and in the land of Benjamin, and in the places about Jerusalem, and in the cities of Judah, shall the flocks pass again under the hands of him that telleth them, saith the LORD."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 33:26 "Then will I cast away the seed of Jacob and David my servant, so that I will not take any of his seed to be rulers over the seed of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob: for I will cause their captivity to return, and have mercy on them."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 34:7 "When the king of Babylon's army fought against Jerusalem, and against all the cities of Judah that were left, against Lachish, and against Azekah: for these defenced cities remained of the cities of Judah."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 34:18 "And I will give the men that have transgressed my covenant, which have not performed the words of the covenant which they had made before me, when they cut the calf in twain, and passed between the parts thereof,"
Aspect0, Jeremiah 34:19 "The princes of Judah, and the princes of Jerusalem, the eunuchs, and the priests, and all the people of the land, which passed between the parts of the calf;"
Aspect0, Jeremiah 35:9 "Nor to build houses for us to dwell in: neither have we vineyard, nor field, nor seed:"
Aspect0, Jeremiah 36:30 "Therefore thus saith the LORD of Jehoiakim king of Judah; He shall have none to sit upon the throne of David: and his dead body shall be cast out in the day to the heat, and in the night to the frost."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 43:5 "But Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces, took all the remnant of Judah, that were returned from all nations, whither they had been driven, to dwell in the land of Judah;"
Aspect0, Jeremiah 43:11 "And when he cometh, he shall smite the land of Egypt, and deliver such as are for death to death; and such as are for captivity to captivity; and such as are for the sword to the sword."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 44:7 "Therefore now thus saith the LORD, the God of hosts, the God of Israel; Wherefore commit ye this great evil against your souls, to cut off from you man and woman, child and suckling, out of Judah, to leave you none to remain;"
Aspect0, Jeremiah 46:25 "The LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, saith; Behold, I will punish the multitude of No, and Pharaoh, and Egypt, with their gods, and their kings; even Pharaoh, and all them that trust in him:"
Aspect0, Jeremiah 47:3 "At the noise of the stamping of the hoofs of his strong horses, at the rushing of his chariots, and at the rumbling of his wheels, the fathers shall not look back to their children for feebleness of hands;"
Aspect0, Jeremiah 48:24 "And upon Kerioth, and upon Bozrah, and upon all the cities of the land of Moab, far or near."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 48:29 "We have heard the pride of Moab, (he is exceeding proud) his loftiness, and his arrogancy, and his pride, and the haughtiness of his heart."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 48:33 "And joy and gladness is taken from the plentiful field, and from the land of Moab, and I have caused wine to fail from the winepresses: none shall tread with shouting; their shouting shall be no shouting."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 50:8 "Remove out of the midst of Babylon, and go forth out of the land of the Chaldeans, and be as the he goats before the flocks."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 51:6 "Flee out of the midst of Babylon, and deliver every man his soul: be not cut off in her iniquity; for this is the time of the LORD's vengeance; he will render unto her a recompence."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 51:7 "Babylon hath been a golden cup in the LORD's hand, that made all the earth drunken: the nations have drunken of her wine; therefore the nations are mad."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 51:8 "Babylon is suddenly fallen and destroyed: howl for her; take balm for her pain, if so be she may be healed."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 52:27 "And the king of Babylon smote them, and put them to death in Riblah in the land of Hamath. Thus Judah was carried away captive out of his own land."
Aspect0, Jeremiah 52:29 "In the eighteenth year of Nebuchadrezzar he carried away captive from Jerusalem eight hundred thirty and two persons:"
Aspect0, Lamentations 3:24 "The LORD is my portion, saith my soul; therefore will I hope in him."
Aspect0, Lamentations 3:49 "Mine eye trickleth down, and ceaseth not, without any intermission."
Aspect0, Lamentations 4:9 "They that be slain with the sword are better than they that be slain with hunger: for these pine away, stricken through for want of the fruits of the field."
Aspect0, Lamentations 5:2 "Our inheritance is turned to strangers, our houses to aliens."
Aspect0, Lamentations 5:7 "Our fathers have sinned, and are not; and we have borne their iniquities."
Aspect0, Lamentations 5:11 "They ravished the women in Zion, and the maids in the cities of Judah."
Aspect0, Ezekiel 4:2 "And lay siege against it, and build a fort against it, and cast a mount against it; set the camp also against it, and set battering rams against it round about."
Aspect0, Ezekiel 6:12 "He that is far off shall die of the pestilence; and he that is near shall fall by the sword; and he that remaineth and is besieged shall die by the famine: thus will I accomplish my fury upon them."
Aspect0, Ezekiel 11:7 "Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Your slain whom ye have laid in the midst of it, they are the flesh, and this city is the caldron: but I will bring you forth out of the midst of it."
Aspect0, Ezekiel 11:9 "And I will bring you out of the midst thereof, and deliver you into the hands of strangers, and will execute judgments among you."
Aspect0, Ezekiel 16:15 "But thou didst trust in thine own beauty, and playedst the harlot because of thy renown, and pouredst out thy fornications on every one that passed by; his it was."
Aspect0, Ezekiel 21:22 "At his right hand was the divination for Jerusalem, to appoint captains, to open the mouth in the slaughter, to lift up the voice with shouting, to appoint battering rams against the gates, to cast a mount, and to build a fort."
Aspect0, Ezekiel 22:19 "Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because ye are all become dross, behold, therefore I will gather you into the midst of Jerusalem."
Aspect0, Ezekiel 23:11 "And when her sister Aholibah saw this, she was more corrupt in her inordinate love than she, and in her whoredoms more than her sister in her whoredoms."
Aspect0, Ezekiel 23:40 "And furthermore, that ye have sent for men to come from far, unto whom a messenger was sent; and, lo, they came: for whom thou didst wash thyself, paintedst thy eyes, and deckedst thyself with ornaments,"
Aspect0, Ezekiel 26:15 "Thus saith the Lord GOD to Tyrus; Shall not the isles shake at the sound of thy fall, when the wounded cry, when the slaughter is made in the midst of thee?"
Aspect0, Ezekiel 27:4 "Thy borders are in the midst of the seas, thy builders have perfected thy beauty."
Aspect0, Ezekiel 27:17 "Judah, and the land of Israel, they were thy merchants: they traded in thy market wheat of Minnith, and Pannag, and honey, and oil, and balm."
Aspect0, Ezekiel 30:7 "And they shall be desolate in the midst of the countries that are desolate, and her cities shall be in the midst of the cities that are wasted."
Aspect0, Ezekiel 30:24 "And I will strengthen the arms of the king of Babylon, and put my sword in his hand: but I will break Pharaoh's arms, and he shall groan before him with the groanings of a deadly wounded man."
Aspect0, Ezekiel 31:16 "I made the nations to shake at the sound of his fall, when I cast him down to hell with them that descend into the pit: and all the trees of Eden, the choice and best of Lebanon, all that drink water, shall be comforted in the nether parts of the earth."
Aspect0, Ezekiel 32:20 "They shall fall in the midst of them that are slain by the sword: she is delivered to the sword: draw her and all her multitudes."
Aspect0, Ezekiel 32:25 "They have set her a bed in the midst of the slain with all her multitude: her graves are round about him: all of them uncircumcised, slain by the sword: though their terror was caused in the land of the living, yet have they borne their shame with them that go down to the pit: he is put in the midst of them that be slain."
Aspect0, Ezekiel 32:26 "There is Meshech, Tubal, and all her multitude: her graves are round about him: all of them uncircumcised, slain by the sword, though they caused their terror in the land of the living."
Aspect0, Ezekiel 32:31 "Pharaoh shall see them, and shall be comforted over all his multitude, even Pharaoh and all his army slain by the sword, saith the Lord GOD."
Aspect0, Ezekiel 37:10 "So I prophesied as he commanded me, and the breath came into them, and they lived, and stood up upon their feet, an exceeding great army."
Aspect0, Ezekiel 38:5 "Persia, Ethiopia, and Libya with them; all of them with shield and helmet:"
Aspect0, Ezekiel 39:25 "Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Now will I bring again the captivity of Jacob, and have mercy upon the whole house of Israel, and will be jealous for my holy name;"
Aspect0, Ezekiel 40:7 "And every little chamber was one reed long, and one reed broad; and between the little chambers were five cubits; and the threshold of the gate by the porch of the gate within was one reed."
Aspect0, Ezekiel 40:18 "And the pavement by the side of the gates over against the length of the gates was the lower pavement."
Aspect0, Ezekiel 43:9 "Now let them put away their whoredom, and the carcases of their kings, far from me, and I will dwell in the midst of them for ever."
Aspect0, Ezekiel 43:17 "And the settle shall be fourteen cubits long and fourteen broad in the four squares thereof; and the border about it shall be half a cubit; and the bottom thereof shall be a cubit about; and his stairs shall look toward the east."
Aspect0, Ezekiel 45:11 "The ephah and the bath shall be of one measure, that the bath may contain the tenth part of an homer, and the ephah the tenth part of an homer: the measure thereof shall be after the homer."
Aspect0, Ezekiel 47:16 "Hamath, Berothah, Sibraim, which is between the border of Damascus and the border of Hamath; Hazarhatticon, which is by the coast of Hauran."
Aspect0, Ezekiel 47:17 "And the border from the sea shall be Hazarenan, the border of Damascus, and the north northward, and the border of Hamath. And this is the north side."
Aspect0, Ezekiel 48:1 "Now these are the names of the tribes. From the north end to the coast of the way of Hethlon, as one goeth to Hamath, Hazarenan, the border of Damascus northward, to the coast of Hamath; for these are his sides east and west; a portion for Dan."
Aspect0, Daniel 2:33 "His legs of iron, his feet part of iron and part of clay."
Aspect0, Daniel 2:40 "And the fourth kingdom shall be strong as iron: forasmuch as iron breaketh in pieces and subdueth all things: and as iron that breaketh all these, shall it break in pieces and bruise."
Aspect0, Daniel 2:41 "And whereas thou sawest the feet and toes, part of potters' clay, and part of iron, the kingdom shall be divided; but there shall be in it of the strength of the iron, forasmuch as thou sawest the iron mixed with miry clay."
Aspect0, Daniel 2:42 "And as the toes of the feet were part of iron, and part of clay, so the kingdom shall be partly strong, and partly broken."
Aspect0, Daniel 2:44 "And in the days of these kings shall the God of heaven set up a kingdom, which shall never be destroyed: and the kingdom shall not be left to other people, but it shall break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms, and it shall stand for ever."
Aspect0, Daniel 3:6 "And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth shall the same hour be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace."
Aspect0, Daniel 3:10 "Thou, O king, hast made a decree, that every man that shall hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and dulcimer, and all kinds of musick, shall fall down and worship the golden image:"
Aspect0, Daniel 3:11 "And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth, that he should be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace."
Aspect0, Daniel 4:17 "This matter is by the decree of the watchers, and the demand by the word of the holy ones: to the intent that the living may know that the most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will, and setteth up over it the basest of men."
Aspect0, Daniel 4:29 "At the end of twelve months he walked in the palace of the kingdom of Babylon."
Aspect0, Daniel 5:21 "And he was driven from the sons of men; and his heart was made like the beasts, and his dwelling was with the wild asses: they fed him with grass like oxen, and his body was wet with the dew of heaven; till he knew that the most high God ruled in the kingdom of men, and that he appointeth over it whomsoever he will."
Aspect0, Daniel 5:28 "PERES; Thy kingdom is divided, and given to the Medes and Persians."
Aspect0, Daniel 7:14 "And there was given him dominion, and glory, and a kingdom, that all people, nations, and languages, should serve him: his dominion is an everlasting dominion, which shall not pass away, and his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed."
Aspect0, Daniel 7:27 "And the kingdom and dominion, and the greatness of the kingdom under the whole heaven, shall be given to the people of the saints of the most High, whose kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and all dominions shall serve and obey him."
Aspect0, Daniel 11:4 "And when he shall stand up, his kingdom shall be broken, and shall be divided toward the four winds of heaven; and not to his posterity, nor according to his dominion which he ruled: for his kingdom shall be plucked up, even for others beside those."
Aspect0, Daniel 11:21 "And in his estate shall stand up a vile person, to whom they shall not give the honour of the kingdom: but he shall come in peaceably, and obtain the kingdom by flatteries."
Aspect0, Hosea 4:9 "And there shall be, like people, like priest: and I will punish them for their ways, and reward them their doings."
Aspect0, Hosea 5:5 "And the pride of Israel doth testify to his face: therefore shall Israel and Ephraim fall in their iniquity: Judah also shall fall with them."
Aspect0, Hosea 5:9 "Ephraim shall be desolate in the day of rebuke: among the tribes of Israel have I made known that which shall surely be."
Aspect0, Hosea 7:2 "And they consider not in their hearts that I remember all their wickedness: now their own doings have beset them about; they are before my face."
Aspect0, Hosea 10:11 "And Ephraim is as an heifer that is taught, and loveth to tread out the corn; but I passed over upon her fair neck: I will make Ephraim to ride; Judah shall plow, and Jacob shall break his clods."
Aspect0, Hosea 12:11 "Is there iniquity in Gilead? surely they are vanity: they sacrifice bullocks in Gilgal; yea, their altars are as heaps in the furrows of the fields."
Aspect0, Hosea 13:9 "O Israel, thou hast destroyed thyself; but in me is thine help."
Aspect0, Hosea 13:14 "I will ransom them from the power of the grave; I will redeem them from death: O death, I will be thy plagues; O grave, I will be thy destruction: repentance shall be hid from mine eyes."
Aspect0, Joel 2:9 "They shall run to and fro in the city; they shall run upon the wall, they shall climb up upon the houses; they shall enter in at the windows like a thief."
Aspect0, Amos 3:2 "You only have I known of all the families of the earth: therefore I will punish you for all your iniquities."
Aspect0, Amos 6:4 "That lie upon beds of ivory, and stretch themselves upon their couches, and eat the lambs out of the flock, and the calves out of the midst of the stall;"
Aspect0, Jonah 2:3 "For thou hadst cast me into the deep, in the midst of the seas; and the floods compassed me about: all thy billows and thy waves passed over me."
Aspect0, Jonah 2:5 "The waters compassed me about, even to the soul: the depth closed me round about, the weeds were wrapped about my head."
Aspect0, Jonah 2:8 "They that observe lying vanities forsake their own mercy."
Aspect0, Micah 3:10 "They build up Zion with blood, and Jerusalem with iniquity."
Aspect0, Micah 5:11 "And I will cut off the cities of thy land, and throw down all thy strong holds:"
Aspect0, Nahum 3:2 "The noise of a whip, and the noise of the rattling of the wheels, and of the pransing horses, and of the jumping chariots."
Aspect0, Habakkuk 2:15 "Woe unto him that giveth his neighbour drink, that puttest thy bottle to him, and makest him drunken also, that thou mayest look on their nakedness!"
Aspect0, Habakkuk 3:1 "A prayer of Habakkuk the prophet upon Shigionoth."
Aspect0, Habakkuk 3:15 "Thou didst walk through the sea with thine horses, through the heap of great waters."
Aspect0, Zephaniah 1:16 "A day of the trumpet and alarm against the fenced cities, and against the high towers."
Aspect0, Zephaniah 2:14 "And flocks shall lie down in the midst of her, all the beasts of the nations: both the cormorant and the bittern shall lodge in the upper lintels of it; their voice shall sing in the windows; desolation shall be in the thresholds; for he shall uncover the cedar work."
Aspect0, Zephaniah 3:6 "I have cut off the nations: their towers are desolate; I made their streets waste, that none passeth by: their cities are destroyed, so that there is no man, that there is none inhabitant."
Aspect0, Haggai 1:5 "Now therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts; Consider your ways."
Aspect0, Zechariah 2:7 "Deliver thyself, O Zion, that dwellest with the daughter of Babylon."
Aspect0, Zechariah 5:8 "And he said, This is wickedness. And he cast it into the midst of the ephah; and he cast the weight of lead upon the mouth thereof."
Aspect0, Zechariah 8:19 "Thus saith the LORD of hosts; The fast of the fourth month, and the fast of the fifth, and the fast of the seventh, and the fast of the tenth, shall be to the house of Judah joy and gladness, and cheerful feasts; therefore love the truth and peace."
Aspect0, Zechariah 9:3 "And Tyrus did build herself a strong hold, and heaped up silver as the dust, and fine gold as the mire of the streets."
Aspect0, Zechariah 11:17 "Woe to the idol shepherd that leaveth the flock! the sword shall be upon his arm, and upon his right eye: his arm shall be clean dried up, and his right eye shall be utterly darkened."
Aspect0, Matthew 1:2 "Abraham begat Isaac; and Isaac begat Jacob; and Jacob begat Judas and his brethren;"
Aspect0, Matthew 1:3 "And Judas begat Phares and Zara of Thamar; and Phares begat Esrom; and Esrom begat Aram;"
Aspect0, Matthew 1:4 "And Aram begat Aminadab; and Aminadab begat Naasson; and Naasson begat Salmon;"
Aspect0, Matthew 1:5 "And Salmon begat Booz of Rachab; and Booz begat Obed of Ruth; and Obed begat Jesse;"
Aspect0, Matthew 1:7 "And Solomon begat Roboam; and Roboam begat Abia; and Abia begat Asa;"
Aspect0, Matthew 1:8 "And Asa begat Josaphat; and Josaphat begat Joram; and Joram begat Ozias;"
Aspect0, Matthew 1:9 "And Ozias begat Joatham; and Joatham begat Achaz; and Achaz begat Ezekias;"
Aspect0, Matthew 1:10 "And Ezekias begat Manasses; and Manasses begat Amon; and Amon begat Josias;"
Aspect0, Matthew 1:13 "And Zorobabel begat Abiud; and Abiud begat Eliakim; and Eliakim begat Azor;"
Aspect0, Matthew 1:14 "And Azor begat Sadoc; and Sadoc begat Achim; and Achim begat Eliud;"
Aspect0, Matthew 1:15 "And Eliud begat Eleazar; and Eleazar begat Matthan; and Matthan begat Jacob;"
Aspect0, Matthew 4:15 "The land of Zabulon, and the land of Nephthalim, by the way of the sea, beyond Jordan, Galilee of the Gentiles;"
Aspect0, Matthew 4:25 "And there followed him great multitudes of people from Galilee, and from Decapolis, and from Jerusalem, and from Judaea, and from beyond Jordan."
Aspect0, Matthew 6:12 "And forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtors."
Aspect0, Matthew 6:13 "And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil: For thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, for ever. Amen."
Aspect0, Matthew 7:3 "And why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother's eye, but considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye?"
Aspect0, Matthew 9:9 "And as Jesus passed forth from thence, he saw a man, named Matthew, sitting at the receipt of custom: and he saith unto him, Follow me. And he arose, and followed him."
Aspect0, Matthew 9:20 "And, behold, a woman, which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years, came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment:"
Aspect0, Matthew 10:16 "Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves: be ye therefore wise as serpents, and harmless as doves."
Aspect0, Matthew 10:17 "But beware of men: for they will deliver you up to the councils, and they will scourge you in their synagogues;"
Aspect0, Matthew 10:41 "He that receiveth a prophet in the name of a prophet shall receive a prophet's reward; and he that receiveth a righteous man in the name of a righteous man shall receive a righteous man's reward."
Aspect0, Matthew 11:11 "Verily I say unto you, Among them that are born of women there hath not risen a greater than John the Baptist: notwithstanding he that is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he."
Aspect0, Matthew 11:12 "And from the days of John the Baptist until now the kingdom of heaven suffereth violence, and the violent take it by force."
Aspect0, Matthew 12:16 "And charged them that they should not make him known:"
Aspect0, Matthew 12:26 "And if Satan cast out Satan, he is divided against himself; how shall then his kingdom stand?"
Aspect0, Matthew 13:19 "When any one heareth the word of the kingdom, and understandeth it not, then cometh the wicked one, and catcheth away that which was sown in his heart. This is he which received seed by the way side."
Aspect0, Matthew 13:20 "But he that received the seed into stony places, the same is he that heareth the word, and anon with joy receiveth it;"
Aspect0, Matthew 14:10 "And he sent, and beheaded John in the prison."
Aspect0, Matthew 14:24 "But the ship was now in the midst of the sea, tossed with waves: for the wind was contrary."
Aspect0, Matthew 15:19 "For out of the heart proceed evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, fornications, thefts, false witness, blasphemies:"
Aspect0, Matthew 16:26 "For what is a man profited, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?"
Aspect0, Matthew 18:4 "Whosoever therefore shall humble himself as this little child, the same is greatest in the kingdom of heaven."
Aspect0, Matthew 19:12 "For there are some eunuchs, which were so born from their mother's womb: and there are some eunuchs, which were made eunuchs of men: and there be eunuchs, which have made themselves eunuchs for the kingdom of heaven's sake. He that is able to receive it, let him receive it."
Aspect0, Matthew 20:10 "But when the first came, they supposed that they should have received more; and they likewise received every man a penny."
Aspect0, Matthew 20:11 "And when they had received it, they murmured against the goodman of the house,"
Aspect0, Matthew 23:4 "For they bind heavy burdens and grievous to be borne, and lay them on men's shoulders; but they themselves will not move them with one of their fingers."
Aspect0, Matthew 24:7 "For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places."
Aspect0, Matthew 27:39 "And they that passed by reviled him, wagging their heads,"
Aspect0, Mark 1:14 "Now after that John was put in prison, Jesus came into Galilee, preaching the gospel of the kingdom of God,"
Aspect0, Mark 2:22 "And no man putteth new wine into old bottles: else the new wine doth burst the bottles, and the wine is spilled, and the bottles will be marred: but new wine must be put into new bottles."
Aspect0, Mark 3:12 "And he straitly charged them that they should not make him known."
Aspect0, Mark 3:24 "And if a kingdom be divided against itself, that kingdom cannot stand."
Aspect0, Mark 5:37 "And he suffered no man to follow him, save Peter, and James, and John the brother of James."
Aspect0, Mark 8:36 "For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?"
Aspect0, Mark 9:30 "And they departed thence, and passed through Galilee; and he would not that any man should know it."
Aspect0, Mark 10:25 "It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God."
Aspect0, Mark 11:16 "And would not suffer that any man should carry any vessel through the temple."
Aspect0, Mark 13:8 "For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be earthquakes in divers places, and there shall be famines and troubles: these are the beginnings of sorrows."
Aspect0, Mark 13:16 "And let him that is in the field not turn back again for to take up his garment."
Aspect0, Mark 14:66 "And as Peter was beneath in the palace, there cometh one of the maids of the high priest:"
Aspect0, Mark 15:23 "And they gave him to drink wine mingled with myrrh: but he received it not."
Aspect0, Luke 1:55 "As he spake to our fathers, to Abraham, and to his seed for ever."
Aspect0, Luke 1:72 "To perform the mercy promised to our fathers, and to remember his holy covenant;"
Aspect0, Luke 4:32 "And they were astonished at his doctrine: for his word was with power."
Aspect0, Luke 4:43 "And he said unto them, I must preach the kingdom of God to other cities also: for therefore am I sent."
Aspect0, Luke 5:38 "But new wine must be put into new bottles; and both are preserved."
Aspect0, Luke 6:23 "Rejoice ye in that day, and leap for joy: for, behold, your reward is great in heaven: for in the like manner did their fathers unto the prophets."
Aspect0, Luke 6:41 "And why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother's eye, but perceivest not the beam that is in thine own eye?"
Aspect0, Luke 6:44 "For every tree is known by his own fruit. For of thorns men do not gather figs, nor of a bramble bush gather they grapes."
Aspect0, Luke 8:1 "And it came to pass afterward, that he went throughout every city and village, preaching and shewing the glad tidings of the kingdom of God: and the twelve were with him,"
Aspect0, Luke 8:11 "Now the parable is this: The seed is the word of God."
Aspect0, Luke 9:2 "And he sent them to preach the kingdom of God, and to heal the sick."
Aspect0, Luke 9:25 "For what is a man advantaged, if he gain the whole world, and lose himself, or be cast away?"
Aspect0, Luke 10:16 "He that heareth you heareth me; and he that despiseth you despiseth me; and he that despiseth me despiseth him that sent me."
Aspect0, Luke 11:19 "And if I by Beelzebub cast out devils, by whom do your sons cast them out? therefore shall they be your judges."
Aspect0, Luke 11:47 "Woe unto you! for ye build the sepulchres of the prophets, and your fathers killed them."
Aspect0, Luke 12:25 "And which of you with taking thought can add to his stature one cubit?"
Aspect0, Luke 12:48 "But he that knew not, and did commit things worthy of stripes, shall be beaten with few stripes. For unto whomsoever much is given, of him shall be much required: and to whom men have committed much, of him they will ask the more."
Aspect0, Luke 14:28 "For which of you, intending to build a tower, sitteth not down first, and counteth the cost, whether he have sufficient to finish it?"
Aspect0, Luke 16:16 "The law and the prophets were until John: since that time the kingdom of God is preached, and every man presseth into it."
Aspect0, Luke 18:25 "For it is easier for a camel to go through a needle's eye, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God."
Aspect0, Luke 19:1 "And Jesus entered and passed through Jericho."
Aspect0, Luke 19:11 "And as they heard these things, he added and spake a parable, because he was nigh to Jerusalem, and because they thought that the kingdom of God should immediately appear."
Aspect0, Luke 19:15 "And it came to pass, that when he was returned, having received the kingdom, then he commanded these servants to be called unto him, to whom he had given the money, that he might know how much every man had gained by trading."
Aspect0, Luke 21:24 "And they shall fall by the edge of the sword, and shall be led away captive into all nations: and Jerusalem shall be trodden down of the Gentiles, until the times of the Gentiles be fulfilled."
Aspect0, Luke 21:29 "And he spake to them a parable; Behold the fig tree, and all the trees;"
Aspect0, Luke 23:19 "(Who for a certain sedition made in the city, and for murder, was cast into prison.)"
Aspect0, Luke 23:45 "And the sun was darkened, and the veil of the temple was rent in the midst."
Aspect0, John 2:3 "And when they wanted wine, the mother of Jesus saith unto him, They have no wine."
Aspect0, John 2:6 "And there were set there six waterpots of stone, after the manner of the purifying of the Jews, containing two or three firkins apiece."
Aspect0, John 3:1 "There was a man of the Pharisees, named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews:"
Aspect0, John 4:3 "He left Judaea, and departed again into Galilee."
Aspect0, John 5:2 "Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool, which is called in the Hebrew tongue Bethesda, having five porches."
Aspect0, John 5:5 "And a certain man was there, which had an infirmity thirty and eight years."
Aspect0, John 9:1 "And as Jesus passed by, he saw a man which was blind from his birth."
Aspect0, John 10:5 "And a stranger will they not follow, but will flee from him: for they know not the voice of strangers."
Aspect0, John 10:14 "I am the good shepherd, and know my sheep, and am known of mine."
Aspect0, John 13:10 "Jesus saith to him, He that is washed needeth not save to wash his feet, but is clean every whit: and ye are clean, but not all."
Aspect0, John 14:24 "He that loveth me not keepeth not my sayings: and the word which ye hear is not mine, but the Father's which sent me."
Aspect0, John 19:1 "Then Pilate therefore took Jesus, and scourged him."
Aspect0, John 19:16 "Then delivered he him therefore unto them to be crucified. And they took Jesus, and led him away."
Aspect0, John 19:20 "This title then read many of the Jews: for the place where Jesus was crucified was nigh to the city: and it was written in Hebrew, and Greek, and Latin."
Aspect0, John 20:26 "And after eight days again his disciples were within, and Thomas with them: then came Jesus, the doors being shut, and stood in the midst, and said, Peace be unto you."
Aspect0, Acts 1:14 "These all continued with one accord in prayer and supplication, with the women, and Mary the mother of Jesus, and with his brethren."
Aspect0, Acts 1:17 "For he was numbered with us, and had obtained part of this ministry."
Aspect0, Acts 1:18 "Now this man purchased a field with the reward of iniquity; and falling headlong, he burst asunder in the midst, and all his bowels gushed out."
Aspect0, Acts 1:19 "And it was known unto all the dwellers at Jerusalem; insomuch as that field is called in their proper tongue, Aceldama, that is to say, The field of blood."
Aspect0, Acts 2:8 "And how hear we every man in our own tongue, wherein we were born?"
Aspect0, Acts 2:10 "Phrygia, and Pamphylia, in Egypt, and in the parts of Libya about Cyrene, and strangers of Rome, Jews and proselytes,"
Aspect0, Acts 3:23 "And it shall come to pass, that every soul, which will not hear that prophet, shall be destroyed from among the people."
Aspect0, Acts 3:24 "Yea, and all the prophets from Samuel and those that follow after, as many as have spoken, have likewise foretold of these days."
Aspect0, Acts 6:4 "But we will give ourselves continually to prayer, and to the ministry of the word."
Aspect0, Acts 7:8 "And he gave him the covenant of circumcision: and so Abraham begat Isaac, and circumcised him the eighth day; and Isaac begat Jacob; and Jacob begat the twelve patriarchs."
Aspect0, Acts 7:38 "This is he, that was in the church in the wilderness with the angel which spake to him in the mount Sina, and with our fathers: who received the lively oracles to give unto us:"
Aspect0, Acts 7:39 "To whom our fathers would not obey, but thrust him from them, and in their hearts turned back again into Egypt,"
Aspect0, Acts 7:53 "Who have received the law by the disposition of angels, and have not kept it."
Aspect0, Acts 8:2 "And devout men carried Stephen to his burial, and made great lamentation over him."
Aspect0, Acts 8:12 "But when they believed Philip preaching the things concerning the kingdom of God, and the name of Jesus Christ, they were baptized, both men and women."
Aspect0, Acts 9:33 "And there he found a certain man named Aeneas, which had kept his bed eight years, and was sick of the palsy."
Aspect0, Acts 12:8 "And the angel said unto him, Gird thyself, and bind on thy sandals. And so he did. And he saith unto him, Cast thy garment about thee, and follow me."
Aspect0, Acts 13:19 "And when he had destroyed seven nations in the land of Chanaan, he divided their land to them by lot."
Aspect0, Acts 13:28 "And though they found no cause of death in him, yet desired they Pilate that he should be slain."
Aspect0, Acts 14:4 "But the multitude of the city was divided: and part held with the Jews, and part with the apostles."
Aspect0, Acts 14:8 "And there sat a certain man at Lystra, impotent in his feet, being a cripple from his mother's womb, who never had walked:"
Aspect0, Acts 14:16 "Who in times past suffered all nations to walk in their own ways."
Aspect0, Acts 14:22 "Confirming the souls of the disciples, and exhorting them to continue in the faith, and that we must through much tribulation enter into the kingdom of God."
Aspect0, Acts 14:23 "And when they had ordained them elders in every church, and had prayed with fasting, they commended them to the Lord, on whom they believed."
Aspect0, Acts 15:31 "Which when they had read, they rejoiced for the consolation."
Aspect0, Acts 16:24 "Who, having received such a charge, thrust them into the inner prison, and made their feet fast in the stocks."
Aspect0, Acts 17:11 "These were more noble than those in Thessalonica, in that they received the word with all readiness of mind, and searched the scriptures daily, whether those things were so."
Aspect0, Acts 17:17 "Therefore disputed he in the synagogue with the Jews, and with the devout persons, and in the market daily with them that met with him."
Aspect0, Acts 17:23 "For as I passed by, and beheld your devotions, I found an altar with this inscription, TO THE UNKNOWN GOD. Whom therefore ye ignorantly worship, him declare I unto you."
Aspect0, Acts 17:27 "That they should seek the Lord, if haply they might feel after him, and find him, though he be not far from every one of us:"
Aspect0, Acts 18:4 "And he reasoned in the synagogue every sabbath, and persuaded the Jews and the Greeks."
Aspect0, Acts 20:20 "And how I kept back nothing that was profitable unto you, but have shewed you, and have taught you publickly, and from house to house,"
Aspect0, Acts 20:36 "And when he had thus spoken, he kneeled down, and prayed with them all."
Aspect0, Acts 21:25 "As touching the Gentiles which believe, we have written and concluded that they observe no such thing, save only that they keep themselves from things offered to idols, and from blood, and from strangled, and from fornication."
Aspect0, Acts 22:2 "(And when they heard that he spake in the Hebrew tongue to them, they kept the more silence: and he saith,)"
Aspect0, Acts 23:25 "And he wrote a letter after this manner:"
Aspect0, Acts 23:34 "And when the governor had read the letter, he asked of what province he was. And when he understood that he was of Cilicia;"
Aspect0, Acts 24:1 "And after five days Ananias the high priest descended with the elders, and with a certain orator named Tertullus, who informed the governor against Paul."
Aspect0, Acts 26:9 "I verily thought with myself, that I ought to do many things contrary to the name of Jesus of Nazareth."
Aspect0, Acts 26:11 "And I punished them oft in every synagogue, and compelled them to blaspheme; and being exceedingly mad against them, I persecuted them even unto strange cities."
Aspect0, Acts 27:9 "Now when much time was spent, and when sailing was now dangerous, because the fast was now already past, Paul admonished them,"
Aspect0, Acts 27:26 "Howbeit we must be cast upon a certain island."
Aspect0, Acts 27:30 "And as the shipmen were about to flee out of the ship, when they had let down the boat into the sea, under colour as though they would have cast anchors out of the foreship,"
Aspect0, Acts 27:37 "And we were in all in the ship two hundred threescore and sixteen souls."
Aspect0, Acts 28:16 "And when we came to Rome, the centurion delivered the prisoners to the captain of the guard: but Paul was suffered to dwell by himself with a soldier that kept him."
Aspect0, Romans 1:14 "I am debtor both to the Greeks, and to the Barbarians; both to the wise, and to the unwise."
Aspect0, Romans 3:9 "What then? are we better than they? No, in no wise: for we have before proved both Jews and Gentiles, that they are all under sin;"
Aspect0, Romans 4:4 "Now to him that worketh is the reward not reckoned of grace, but of debt."
Aspect0, Romans 4:25 "Who was delivered for our offences, and was raised again for our justification."
Aspect0, Romans 7:24 "O wretched man that I am! who shall deliver me from the body of this death?"
Aspect0, Romans 9:15 "For he saith to Moses, I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy, and I will have compassion on whom I will have compassion."
Aspect0, Romans 9:16 "So then it is not of him that willeth, nor of him that runneth, but of God that sheweth mercy."
Aspect0, Romans 12:8 "Or he that exhorteth, on exhortation: he that giveth, let him do it with simplicity; he that ruleth, with diligence; he that sheweth mercy, with cheerfulness."
Aspect0, Romans 13:7 "Render therefore to all their dues: tribute to whom tribute is due; custom to whom custom; fear to whom fear; honour to whom honour."
Aspect0, Romans 15:12 "And again, Esaias saith, There shall be a root of Jesse, and he that shall rise to reign over the Gentiles; in him shall the Gentiles trust."
Aspect0, Romans 16:10 "Salute Apelles approved in Christ. Salute them which are of Aristobulus' household."
Aspect0, Romans 16:14 "Salute Asyncritus, Phlegon, Hermas, Patrobas, Hermes, and the brethren which are with them."
Aspect0, Romans 16:26 "But now is made manifest, and by the scriptures of the prophets, according to the commandment of the everlasting God, made known to all nations for the obedience of faith:"
Aspect0, 1 Corinthians 6:10 "Nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners, shall inherit the kingdom of God."
Aspect0, 1 Corinthians 8:3 "But if any man love God, the same is known of him."
Aspect0, 1 Corinthians 12:7 "But the manifestation of the Spirit is given to every man to profit withal."
Aspect0, 1 Corinthians 13:9 "For we know in part, and we prophesy in part."
Aspect0, 1 Corinthians 14:4 "He that speaketh in an unknown tongue edifieth himself; but he that prophesieth edifieth the church."
Aspect0, 1 Corinthians 14:8 "For if the trumpet give an uncertain sound, who shall prepare himself to the battle?"
Aspect0, 1 Corinthians 14:14 "For if I pray in an unknown tongue, my spirit prayeth, but my understanding is unfruitful."
Aspect0, 1 Corinthians 14:27 "If any man speak in an unknown tongue, let it be by two, or at the most by three, and that by course; and let one interpret."
Aspect0, 1 Corinthians 15:26 "The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death."
Aspect0, 1 Corinthians 15:52 "In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed."
Aspect0, 1 Corinthians 15:55 "O death, where is thy sting? O grave, where is thy victory?"
Aspect0, 2 Corinthians 1:10 "Who delivered us from so great a death, and doth deliver: in whom we trust that he will yet deliver us;"
Aspect0, 2 Corinthians 3:1 "Do we begin again to commend ourselves? or need we, as some others, epistles of commendation to you, or letters of commendation from you?"
Aspect0, 2 Corinthians 4:1 "Therefore seeing we have this ministry, as we have received mercy, we faint not;"
Aspect0, 2 Corinthians 4:9 "Persecuted, but not forsaken; cast down, but not destroyed;"
Aspect0, 2 Corinthians 4:17 "For our light affliction, which is but for a moment, worketh for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory;"
Aspect0, 2 Corinthians 11:5 "For I suppose I was not a whit behind the very chiefest apostles."
Aspect0, 2 Corinthians 11:13 "For such are false apostles, deceitful workers, transforming themselves into the apostles of Christ."
Aspect0, 2 Corinthians 11:22 "Are they Hebrews? so am I. Are they Israelites? so am I. Are they the seed of Abraham? so am I."
Aspect0, 2 Corinthians 11:24 "Of the Jews five times received I forty stripes save one."
Aspect0, 2 Corinthians 11:27 "In weariness and painfulness, in watchings often, in hunger and thirst, in fastings often, in cold and nakedness."
Aspect0, 2 Corinthians 11:32 "In Damascus the governor under Aretas the king kept the city of the Damascenes with a garrison, desirous to apprehend me:"
Aspect0, 2 Corinthians 13:13 "All the saints salute you."
Aspect0, Galatians 1:23 "But they had heard only, That he which persecuted us in times past now preacheth the faith which once he destroyed."
Aspect0, Galatians 2:15 "We who are Jews by nature, and not sinners of the Gentiles,"
Aspect0, Galatians 2:18 "For if I build again the things which I destroyed, I make myself a transgressor."
Aspect0, Galatians 3:16 "Now to Abraham and his seed were the promises made. He saith not, And to seeds, as of many; but as of one, And to thy seed, which is Christ."
Aspect0, Galatians 5:3 "For I testify again to every man that is circumcised, that he is a debtor to do the whole law."
Aspect0, Galatians 6:16 "And as many as walk according to this rule, peace be on them, and mercy, and upon the Israel of God."
Aspect0, Ephesians 1:16 "Cease not to give thanks for you, making mention of you in my prayers;"
Aspect0, Ephesians 3:1 "For this cause I Paul, the prisoner of Jesus Christ for you Gentiles,"
Aspect0, Ephesians 3:3 "How that by revelation he made known unto me the mystery; (as I wrote afore in few words,"
Aspect0, Ephesians 3:6 "That the Gentiles should be fellowheirs, and of the same body, and partakers of his promise in Christ by the gospel:"
Aspect0, Ephesians 4:14 "That we henceforth be no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine, by the sleight of men, and cunning craftiness, whereby they lie in wait to deceive;"
Aspect0, Ephesians 6:18 "Praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, and watching thereunto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints;"
Aspect0, Philippians 1:16 "The one preach Christ of contention, not sincerely, supposing to add affliction to my bonds:"
Aspect0, Philippians 1:18 "What then? notwithstanding, every way, whether in pretence, or in truth, Christ is preached; and I therein do rejoice, yea, and will rejoice."
Aspect0, Philippians 2:1 "If there be therefore any consolation in Christ, if any comfort of love, if any fellowship of the Spirit, if any bowels and mercies,"
Aspect0, Philippians 2:17 "Yea, and if I be offered upon the sacrifice and service of your faith, I joy, and rejoice with you all."
Aspect0, Philippians 2:29 "Receive him therefore in the Lord with all gladness; and hold such in reputation:"
Aspect0, Philippians 3:2 "Beware of dogs, beware of evil workers, beware of the concision."
Aspect0, Philippians 3:5 "Circumcised the eighth day, of the stock of Israel, of the tribe of Benjamin, an Hebrew of the Hebrews; as touching the law, a Pharisee;"
Aspect0, Philippians 4:18 "But I have all, and abound: I am full, having received of Epaphroditus the things which were sent from you, an odour of a sweet smell, a sacrifice acceptable, wellpleasing to God."
Aspect0, Philippians 4:21 "Salute every saint in Christ Jesus. The brethren which are with me greet you."
Aspect0, Colossians 3:12 "Put on therefore, as the elect of God, holy and beloved, bowels of mercies, kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, longsuffering;"
Aspect0, Colossians 3:21 "Fathers, provoke not your children to anger, lest they be discouraged."
Aspect0, 1 Timothy 1:10 "For whoremongers, for them that defile themselves with mankind, for menstealers, for liars, for perjured persons, and if there be any other thing that is contrary to sound doctrine;"
Aspect0, 1 Timothy 1:13 "Who was before a blasphemer, and a persecutor, and injurious: but I obtained mercy, because I did it ignorantly in unbelief."
Aspect0, 1 Timothy 2:7 "Whereunto I am ordained a preacher, and an apostle, (I speak the truth in Christ, and lie not;) a teacher of the Gentiles in faith and verity."
Aspect0, 1 Timothy 2:14 "And Adam was not deceived, but the woman being deceived was in the transgression."
Aspect0, 1 Timothy 4:2 "Speaking lies in hypocrisy; having their conscience seared with a hot iron;"
Aspect0, 1 Timothy 5:23 "Drink no longer water, but use a little wine for thy stomach's sake and thine often infirmities."
Aspect0, 1 Timothy 6:5 "Perverse disputings of men of corrupt minds, and destitute of the truth, supposing that gain is godliness: from such withdraw thyself."
Aspect0, 2 Timothy 1:11 "Whereunto I am appointed a preacher, and an apostle, and a teacher of the Gentiles."
Aspect0, 2 Timothy 3:6 "For of this sort are they which creep into houses, and lead captive silly women laden with sins, led away with divers lusts,"
Aspect0, 2 Timothy 4:20 "Erastus abode at Corinth: but Trophimus have I left at Miletum sick."
Aspect0, Hebrews 2:2 "For if the word spoken by angels was stedfast, and every transgression and disobedience received a just recompence of reward;"
Aspect0, Hebrews 2:15 "And deliver them who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage."
Aspect0, Hebrews 3:1 "Wherefore, holy brethren, partakers of the heavenly calling, consider the Apostle and High Priest of our profession, Christ Jesus;"
Aspect0, Hebrews 4:14 "Seeing then that we have a great high priest, that is passed into the heavens, Jesus the Son of God, let us hold fast our profession."
Aspect0, Hebrews 5:13 "For every one that useth milk is unskilful in the word of righteousness: for he is a babe."
Aspect0, Hebrews 7:23 "And they truly were many priests, because they were not suffered to continue by reason of death:"
Aspect0, Hebrews 7:27 "Who needeth not daily, as those high priests, to offer up sacrifice, first for his own sins, and then for the people's: for this he did once, when he offered up himself."
Aspect0, Hebrews 10:13 "From henceforth expecting till his enemies be made his footstool."
Aspect0, Hebrews 10:23 "Let us hold fast the profession of our faith without wavering; (for he is faithful that promised;)"
Aspect0, Hebrews 11:9 "By faith he sojourned in the land of promise, as in a strange country, dwelling in tabernacles with Isaac and Jacob, the heirs with him of the same promise:"
Aspect0, Hebrews 11:13 "These all died in faith, not having received the promises, but having seen them afar off, and were persuaded of them, and embraced them, and confessed that they were strangers and pilgrims on the earth."
Aspect0, Hebrews 11:17 "By faith Abraham, when he was tried, offered up Isaac: and he that had received the promises offered up his only begotten son,"
Aspect0, Hebrews 11:28 "Through faith he kept the passover, and the sprinkling of blood, lest he that destroyed the firstborn should touch them."
Aspect0, Hebrews 11:29 "By faith they passed through the Red sea as by dry land: which the Egyptians assaying to do were drowned."
Aspect0, Hebrews 11:37 "They were stoned, they were sawn asunder, were tempted, were slain with the sword: they wandered about in sheepskins and goatskins; being destitute, afflicted, tormented;"
Aspect0, Hebrews 13:2 "Be not forgetful to entertain strangers: for thereby some have entertained angels unawares."
Aspect0, Hebrews 13:17 "Obey them that have the rule over you, and submit yourselves: for they watch for your souls, as they that must give account, that they may do it with joy, and not with grief: for that is unprofitable for you."
Aspect0, Hebrews 13:24 "Salute all them that have the rule over you, and all the saints. They of Italy salute you."
Aspect0, James 3:5 "Even so the tongue is a little member, and boasteth great things. Behold, how great a matter a little fire kindleth!"
Aspect0, James 3:6 "And the tongue is a fire, a world of iniquity: so is the tongue among our members, that it defileth the whole body, and setteth on fire the course of nature; and it is set on fire of hell."
Aspect0, James 5:4 "Behold, the hire of the labourers who have reaped down your fields, which is of you kept back by fraud, crieth: and the cries of them which have reaped are entered into the ears of the Lord of sabaoth."
Aspect0, James 5:20 "Let him know, that he which converteth the sinner from the error of his way shall save a soul from death, and shall hide a multitude of sins."
Aspect0, 1 Peter 1:1 "Peter, an apostle of Jesus Christ, to the strangers scattered throughout Pontus, Galatia, Cappadocia, Asia, and Bithynia,"
Aspect0, 1 Peter 1:20 "Who verily was foreordained before the foundation of the world, but was manifest in these last times for you,"
Aspect0, 1 Peter 1:23 "Being born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible, by the word of God, which liveth and abideth for ever."
Aspect0, 1 Peter 2:11 "Dearly beloved, I beseech you as strangers and pilgrims, abstain from fleshly lusts, which war against the soul;"
Aspect0, 1 Peter 2:23 "Who, when he was reviled, reviled not again; when he suffered, he threatened not; but committed himself to him that judgeth righteously:"
Aspect0, 1 Peter 3:2 "While they behold your chaste conversation coupled with fear."
Aspect0, 2 Peter 1:7 "And to godliness brotherly kindness; and to brotherly kindness charity."
Aspect0, 2 Peter 1:11 "For so an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ."
Aspect0, 1 John 3:14 "We know that we have passed from death unto life, because we love the brethren. He that loveth not his brother abideth in death."
Aspect0, Revelation 1:18 "I am he that liveth, and was dead; and, behold, I am alive for evermore, Amen; and have the keys of hell and of death."
Aspect0, Revelation 5:6 "And I beheld, and, lo, in the midst of the throne and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the elders, stood a Lamb as it had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven Spirits of God sent forth into all the earth."
Aspect0, Revelation 8:9 "And the third part of the creatures which were in the sea, and had life, died; and the third part of the ships were destroyed."
Aspect0, Revelation 9:9 "And they had breastplates, as it were breastplates of iron; and the sound of their wings was as the sound of chariots of many horses running to battle."
Aspect0, Revelation 9:11 "And they had a king over them, which is the angel of the bottomless pit, whose name in the Hebrew tongue is Abaddon, but in the Greek tongue hath his name Apollyon."
Aspect0, Revelation 12:4 "And his tail drew the third part of the stars of heaven, and did cast them to the earth: and the dragon stood before the woman which was ready to be delivered, for to devour her child as soon as it was born."
Aspect0, Revelation 12:7 "And there was war in heaven: Michael and his angels fought against the dragon; and the dragon fought and his angels,"
Aspect0, Revelation 13:7 "And it was given unto him to make war with the saints, and to overcome them: and power was given him over all kindreds, and tongues, and nations."
Aspect0, Revelation 13:8 "And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world."
Aspect0, Revelation 16:19 "And the great city was divided into three parts, and the cities of the nations fell: and great Babylon came in remembrance before God, to give unto her the cup of the wine of the fierceness of his wrath."
Aspect0, Revelation 17:6 "And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints, and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus: and when I saw her, I wondered with great admiration."
Aspect0, Revelation 17:15 "And he saith unto me, The waters which thou sawest, where the whore sitteth, are peoples, and multitudes, and nations, and tongues."
Aspect0, Revelation 17:18 "And the woman which thou sawest is that great city, which reigneth over the kings of the earth."
Aspect0, Revelation 18:13 "And cinnamon, and odours, and ointments, and frankincense, and wine, and oil, and fine flour, and wheat, and beasts, and sheep, and horses, and chariots, and slaves, and souls of men."
Aspect0, Revelation 20:3 "And cast him into the bottomless pit, and shut him up, and set a seal upon him, that he should deceive the nations no more, till the thousand years should be fulfilled: and after that he must be loosed a little season."
Aspect0, Revelation 21:16 "And the city lieth foursquare, and the length is as large as the breadth: and he measured the city with the reed, twelve thousand furlongs. The length and the breadth and the height of it are equal."
Aspect0, Revelation 21:21 "And the twelve gates were twelve pearls: every several gate was of one pearl: and the street of the city was pure gold, as it were transparent glass."
Aspect0, Revelation 22:15 "For without are dogs, and sorcerers, and whoremongers, and murderers, and idolaters, and whosoever loveth and maketh a lie."
