Aspect8, Genesis 9:23 "And Shem and Japheth took a garment, and laid it upon both their shoulders, and went backward, and covered the nakedness of their father; and their faces were backward, and they saw not their father's nakedness."
Aspect8, Genesis 12:11 "And it came to pass, when he was come near to enter into Egypt, that he said unto Sarai his wife, Behold now, I know that thou art a fair woman to look upon:"
Aspect8, Genesis 12:14 "And it came to pass, that, when Abram was come into Egypt, the Egyptians beheld the woman that she was very fair."
Aspect8, Genesis 13:13 "But the men of Sodom were wicked and sinners before the LORD exceedingly."
Aspect8, Genesis 18:21 "I will go down now, and see whether they have done altogether according to the cry of it, which is come unto me; and if not, I will know."
Aspect8, Genesis 22:5 "And Abraham said unto his young men, Abide ye here with the ass; and I and the lad will go yonder and worship, and come again to you."
Aspect8, Genesis 24:13 "Behold, I stand here by the well of water; and the daughters of the men of the city come out to draw water:"
Aspect8, Genesis 24:14 "And let it come to pass, that the damsel to whom I shall say, Let down thy pitcher, I pray thee, that I may drink; and she shall say, Drink, and I will give thy camels drink also: let the same be she that thou hast appointed for thy servant Isaac; and thereby shall I know that thou hast showed kindness unto my master."
Aspect8, Genesis 24:16 "And the damsel was very fair to look upon, a virgin, neither had any man known her: and she went down to the well, and filled her pitcher, and came up."
Aspect8, Genesis 24:32 "And the man came into the house: and he ungirded his camels, and gave straw and provender for the camels, and water to wash his feet, and the men's feet that were with him."
Aspect8, Genesis 25:24 "And when her days to be delivered were fulfilled, behold, there were twins in her womb."
Aspect8, Genesis 26:8 "And it came to pass, when he had been there a long time, that Abimelech king of the Philistines looked out at a window, and saw, and, behold, Isaac was sporting with Rebekah his wife."
Aspect8, Genesis 27:26 "And his father Isaac said unto him, Come near now, and kiss me, my son."
Aspect8, Genesis 30:33 "So shall my righteousness answer for me in time to come, when it shall come for my hire before thy face: every one that is not speckled and spotted among the goats, and brown among the sheep, that shall be counted stolen with me."
Aspect8, Genesis 32:8 "And said, If Esau come to the one company, and smite it, then the other company which is left shall escape."
Aspect8, Genesis 35:16 "And they journeyed from Bethel; and there was but a little way to come to Ephrath: and Rachel travailed, and she had hard labor."
Aspect8, Genesis 36:9 "And these are the generations of Esau the father of the Edomites in mount Seir:"
Aspect8, Genesis 36:15 "These were dukes of the sons of Esau: the sons of Eliphaz the firstborn son of Esau; duke Teman, duke Omar, duke Zepho, duke Kenaz,"
Aspect8, Genesis 36:29 "These are the dukes that came of the Horites; duke Lotan, duke Shobal, duke Zibeon, duke Anah,"
Aspect8, Genesis 36:30 "Duke Dishon, duke Ezer, duke Dishan: these are the dukes that came of Hori, among their dukes in the land of Seir."
Aspect8, Genesis 36:40 "And these are the names of the dukes that came of Esau, according to their families, after their places, by their names; duke Timnah, duke Alvah, duke Jetheth,"
Aspect8, Genesis 36:41 "Duke Aholibamah, duke Elah, duke Pinon,"
Aspect8, Genesis 36:42 "Duke Kenaz, duke Teman, duke Mibzar,"
Aspect8, Genesis 36:43 "Duke Magdiel, duke Iram: these be the dukes of Edom, according to their habitations in the land of their possession: he is Esau the father of the Edomites."
Aspect8, Genesis 37:23 "And it came to pass, when Joseph was come unto his brethren, that they stripped Joseph out of his coat, his coat of many colors that was on him;"
Aspect8, Genesis 37:27 "Come, and let us sell him to the Ishmaelites, and let not our hand be upon him; for he is our brother and our flesh. And his brethren were content."
Aspect8, Genesis 41:29 "Behold, there come seven years of great plenty throughout all the land of Egypt:"
Aspect8, Genesis 44:30 "Now therefore when I come to thy servant my father, and the lad be not with us; seeing that his life is bound up in the lad's life;"
Aspect8, Genesis 44:31 "It shall come to pass, when he seeth that the lad is not with us, that he will die: and thy servants shall bring down the gray hairs of thy servant our father with sorrow to the grave."
Aspect8, Genesis 44:34 "For how shall I go up to my father, and the lad be not with me? lest peradventure I see the evil that shall come on my father."
Aspect8, Genesis 45:14 "And he fell upon his brother Benjamin's neck, and wept; and Benjamin wept upon his neck."
Aspect8, Genesis 45:18 "And take your father and your households, and come unto me: and I will give you the good of the land of Egypt, and ye shall eat the fat of the land."
Aspect8, Genesis 46:33 "And it shall come to pass, when Pharaoh shall call you, and shall say, What is your occupation?"
Aspect8, Genesis 47:16 "And Joseph said, Give your cattle; and I will give you for your cattle, if money fail."
Aspect8, Genesis 49:10 "The sceptre shall not depart from Judah, nor a lawgiver from between his feet, until Shiloh come; and unto him shall the gathering of the people be."
Aspect8, Exodus 1:10 "Come on, let us deal wisely with them; lest they multiply, and it come to pass, that, when there falleth out any war, they join also unto our enemies, and fight against us, and so get them up out of the land."
Aspect8, Exodus 4:8 "And it shall come to pass, if they will not believe thee, neither hearken to the voice of the first sign, that they will believe the voice of the latter sign."
Aspect8, Exodus 5:7 "Ye shall no more give the people straw to make brick, as heretofore: let them go and gather straw for themselves."
Aspect8, Exodus 5:13 "And the taskmasters hasted them, saying, Fulfil your works, your daily tasks, as when there was straw."
Aspect8, Exodus 12:25 "And it shall come to pass, when ye be come to the land which the LORD will give you, according as he hath promised, that ye shall keep this service."
Aspect8, Exodus 16:5 "And it shall come to pass, that on the sixth day they shall prepare that which they bring in; and it shall be twice as much as they gather daily."
Aspect8, Exodus 19:2 "For they were departed from Rephidim, and were come to the desert of Sinai, and had pitched in the wilderness; and there Israel camped before the mount."
Aspect8, Exodus 19:13 "There shall not an hand touch it, but he shall surely be stoned, or shot through; whether it be beast or man, it shall not live: when the trumpet soundeth long, they shall come up to the mount."
Aspect8, Exodus 19:15 "And he said unto the people, Be ready against the third day: come not at your wives."
Aspect8, Exodus 21:20 "And if a man smite his servant, or his maid, with a rod, and he die under his hand; he shall be surely punished."
Aspect8, Exodus 22:9 "For all manner of trespass, whether it be for ox, for ass, for sheep, for raiment, or for any manner of lost thing which another challengeth to be his, the cause of both parties shall come before the judges; and whom the judges shall condemn, he shall pay double unto his neighbor."
Aspect8, Exodus 22:27 "For that is his covering only, it is his raiment for his skin: wherein shall he sleep? and it shall come to pass, when he crieth unto me, that I will hear; for I am gracious."
Aspect8, Exodus 24:2 "And Moses alone shall come near the LORD: but they shall not come nigh; neither shall the people go up with him."
Aspect8, Exodus 25:20 "And the cherubim shall stretch forth their wings on high, covering the mercy seat with their wings, and their faces shall look one to another; toward the mercy seat shall the faces of the cherubim be."
Aspect8, Exodus 25:32 "And six branches shall come out of the sides of it; three branches of the candlestick out of the one side, and three branches of the candlestick out of the other side:"
Aspect8, Exodus 33:22 "And it shall come to pass, while my glory passeth by, that I will put thee in a cleft of the rock, and will cover thee with my hand while I pass by:"
Aspect8, Exodus 34:2 "And be ready in the morning, and come up in the morning unto mount Sinai, and present thyself there to me in the top of the mount."
Aspect8, Leviticus 12:4 "And she shall then continue in the blood of her purifying three and thirty days; she shall touch no hallowed thing, nor come into the sanctuary, until the days of her purifying be fulfilled."
Aspect8, Leviticus 13:48 "Whether it be in the warp, or woof; of linen, or of woolen; whether in a skin, or in any thing made of skin;"
Aspect8, Leviticus 14:34 "When ye be come into the land of Canaan, which I give to you for a possession, and I put the plague of leprosy in a house of the land of your possession;"
Aspect8, Leviticus 14:39 "And the priest shall come again the seventh day, and shall look: and, behold, if the plague be spread in the walls of the house;"
Aspect8, Leviticus 14:40 "Then the priest shall command that they take away the stones in which the plague is, and they shall cast them into an unclean place without the city:"
Aspect8, Leviticus 16:3 "Thus shall Aaron come into the holy place: with a young bullock for a sin offering, and a ram for a burnt offering."
Aspect8, Leviticus 16:14 "And he shall take of the blood of the bullock, and sprinkle it with his finger upon the mercy seat eastward; and before the mercy seat shall he sprinkle of the blood with his finger seven times."
Aspect8, Leviticus 16:23 "And Aaron shall come into the tabernacle of the congregation, and shall put off the linen garments, which he put on when he went into the holy place, and shall leave them there:"
Aspect8, Leviticus 16:24 "And he shall wash his flesh with water in the holy place, and put on his garments, and come forth, and offer his burnt offering, and the burnt offering of the people, and make an atonement for himself, and for the people."
Aspect8, Leviticus 16:26 "And he that let go the goat for the scapegoat shall wash his clothes, and bathe his flesh in water, and afterward come into the camp."
Aspect8, Leviticus 16:28 "And he that burneth them shall wash his clothes, and bathe his flesh in water, and afterward he shall come into the camp."
Aspect8, Leviticus 21:14 "A widow, or a divorced woman, or profane, or an harlot, these shall he not take: but he shall take a virgin of his own people to wife."
Aspect8, Leviticus 25:25 "If thy brother be waxen poor, and hath sold away some of his possession, and if any of his kin come to redeem it, then shall he redeem that which his brother sold."
Aspect8, Leviticus 27:15 "And if he that sanctified it will redeem his house, then he shall add the fifth part of the money of thy estimation unto it, and it shall be his."
Aspect8, Leviticus 27:29 "None devoted, which shall be devoted of men, shall be redeemed; but shall surely be put to death."
Aspect8, Numbers 4:5 "And when the camp setteth forward, Aaron shall come, and his sons, and they shall take down the covering vail, and cover the ark of testimony with it:"
Aspect8, Numbers 5:14 "And the spirit of jealousy come upon him, and he be jealous of his wife, and she be defiled: or if the spirit of jealousy come upon him, and he be jealous of his wife, and she be not defiled:"
Aspect8, Numbers 5:27 "And when he hath made her to drink the water, then it shall come to pass, that, if she be defiled, and have done trespass against her husband, that the water that causeth the curse shall enter into her, and become bitter, and her belly shall swell, and her thigh shall rot: and the woman shall be a curse among her people."
Aspect8, Numbers 6:5 "All the days of the vow of his separation there shall no razor come upon his head: until the days be fulfilled, in the which he separateth himself unto the LORD, he shall be holy, and shall let the locks of the hair of his head grow."
Aspect8, Numbers 13:21 "So they went up, and searched the land from the wilderness of Zin unto Rehob, as men come to Hamath."
Aspect8, Numbers 15:38 "Speak unto the children of Israel, and bid them that they make them fringes in the borders of their garments throughout their generations, and that they put upon the fringe of the borders a ribband of blue:"
Aspect8, Numbers 16:48 "And he stood between the dead and the living; and the plague was stayed."
Aspect8, Numbers 17:5 "And it shall come to pass, that the man's rod, whom I shall choose, shall blossom: and I will make to cease from me the murmurings of the children of Israel, whereby they murmur against you."
Aspect8, Numbers 21:18 "The princes digged the well, the nobles of the people digged it, by the direction of the lawgiver, with their staves. And from the wilderness they went to Mattanah:"
Aspect8, Numbers 21:27 "Wherefore they that speak in proverbs say, Come into Heshbon, let the city of Sihon be built and prepared:"
Aspect8, Numbers 22:11 "Behold, there is a people come out of Egypt, which covereth the face of the earth: come now, curse me them; peradventure I shall be able to overcome them, and drive them out."
Aspect8, Numbers 22:14 "And the princes of Moab rose up, and they went unto Balak, and said, Balaam refuseth to come with us."
Aspect8, Numbers 22:36 "And when Balak heard that Balaam was come, he went out to meet him unto a city of Moab, which is in the border of Arnon, which is in the utmost coast."
Aspect8, Numbers 24:19 "Out of Jacob shall come he that shall have dominion, and shall destroy him that remaineth of the city."
Aspect8, Numbers 27:21 "And he shall stand before Eleazar the priest, who shall ask counsel for him after the judgment of Urim before the LORD: at his word shall they go out, and at his word they shall come in, both he, and all the children of Israel with him, even all the congregation."
Aspect8, Numbers 29:18 "And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:"
Aspect8, Numbers 29:21 "And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:"
Aspect8, Numbers 29:24 "Their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:"
Aspect8, Numbers 29:27 "And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:"
Aspect8, Numbers 29:30 "And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:"
Aspect8, Numbers 29:33 "And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:"
Aspect8, Numbers 29:37 "Their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullock, for the ram, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:"
Aspect8, Numbers 31:11 "And they took all the spoil, and all the prey, both of men and of beasts."
Aspect8, Numbers 31:53 "(For the men of war had taken spoil, every man for himself.)"
Aspect8, Numbers 32:35 "And Atroth, Shophan, and Jaazer, and Jogbehah,"
Aspect8, Numbers 35:26 "But if the slayer shall at any time come without the border of the city of his refuge, whither he was fled;"
Aspect8, Numbers 35:27 "And the revenger of blood find him without the borders of the city of his refuge, and the revenger of blood kill the slayer; he shall not be guilty of blood:"
Aspect8, Numbers 35:32 "And ye shall take no satisfaction for him that is fled to the city of his refuge, that he should come again to dwell in the land, until the death of the priest."
Aspect8, Deuteronomy 2:14 "And the space in which we came from Kadeshbarnea, until we were come over the brook Zered, was thirty and eight years; until all the generation of the men of war were wasted out from among the host, as the LORD sware unto them."
Aspect8, Deuteronomy 2:35 "Only the cattle we took for a prey unto ourselves, and the spoil of the cities which we took."
Aspect8, Deuteronomy 3:7 "But all the cattle, and the spoil of the cities, we took for a prey to ourselves."
Aspect8, Deuteronomy 4:46 "On this side Jordan, in the valley over against Bethpeor, in the land of Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwelt at Heshbon, whom Moses and the children of Israel smote, after they were come forth out of Egypt:"
Aspect8, Deuteronomy 11:13 "And it shall come to pass, if ye shall hearken diligently unto my commandments which I command you this day, to love the LORD your God, and to serve him with all your heart and with all your soul,"
Aspect8, Deuteronomy 18:6 "And if a Levite come from any of thy gates out of all Israel, where he sojourned, and come with all the desire of his mind unto the place which the LORD shall choose;"
Aspect8, Deuteronomy 18:19 "And it shall come to pass, that whosoever will not hearken unto my words which he shall speak in my name, I will require it of him."
Aspect8, Deuteronomy 18:20 "But the prophet, which shall presume to speak a word in my name, which I have not commanded him to speak, or that shall speak in the name of other gods, even that prophet shall die."
Aspect8, Deuteronomy 21:2 "Then thy elders and thy judges shall come forth, and they shall measure unto the cities which are round about him that is slain:"
Aspect8, Deuteronomy 22:18 "And the elders of that city shall take that man and chastise him;"
Aspect8, Deuteronomy 22:23 "If a damsel that is a virgin be betrothed unto an husband, and a man find her in the city, and lie with her;"
Aspect8, Deuteronomy 23:10 "If there be among you any man, that is not clean by reason of uncleanness that chanceth him by night, then shall he go abroad out of the camp, he shall not come within the camp:"
Aspect8, Deuteronomy 25:1 "If there be a controversy between men, and they come unto judgment, that the judges may judge them; then they shall justify the righteous, and condemn the wicked."
Aspect8, Deuteronomy 25:9 "Then shall his brother's wife come unto him in the presence of the elders, and loose his shoe from off his foot, and spit in his face, and shall answer and say, So shall it be done unto that man that will not build up his brother's house."
Aspect8, Deuteronomy 27:12 "These shall stand upon mount Gerizim to bless the people, when ye are come over Jordan; Simeon, and Levi, and Judah, and Issachar, and Joseph, and Benjamin:"
Aspect8, Deuteronomy 29:19 "And it come to pass, when he heareth the words of this curse, that he bless himself in his heart, saying, I shall have peace, though I walk in the imagination of mine heart, to add drunkenness to thirst:"
Aspect8, Deuteronomy 29:22 "So that the generation to come of your children that shall rise up after you, and the stranger that shall come from a far land, shall say, when they see the plagues of that land, and the sicknesses which the LORD hath laid upon it;"
Aspect8, Deuteronomy 29:26 "For they went and served other gods, and worshipped them, gods whom they knew not, and whom he had not given unto them:"
Aspect8, Deuteronomy 32:35 "To me belongeth vengeance and recompence; their foot shall slide in due time: for the day of their calamity is at hand, and the things that shall come upon them make haste."
Aspect8, Deuteronomy 33:6 "Let Reuben live, and not die; and let not his men be few."
Aspect8, Joshua 1:14 "Your wives, your little ones, and your cattle, shall remain in the land which Moses gave you on this side Jordan; but ye shall pass before your brethren armed, all the mighty men of valor, and help them;"
Aspect8, Joshua 2:3 "And the king of Jericho sent unto Rahab, saying, Bring forth the men that are come to thee, which are entered into thine house: for they be come to search out all the country."
Aspect8, Joshua 2:5 "And it came to pass about the time of shutting of the gate, when it was dark, that the men went out: whither the men went I wot not: pursue after them quickly; for ye shall overtake them."
Aspect8, Joshua 3:13 "And it shall come to pass, as soon as the soles of the feet of the priests that bear the ark of the LORD, the LORD of all the earth, shall rest in the waters of Jordan, that the waters of Jordan shall be cut off from the waters that come down from above; and they shall stand upon an heap."
Aspect8, Joshua 3:15 "And as they that bare the ark were come unto Jordan, and the feet of the priests that bare the ark were dipped in the brim of the water, (for Jordan overfloweth all his banks all the time of harvest,)"
Aspect8, Joshua 3:16 "That the waters which came down from above stood and rose up upon an heap very far from the city Adam, that is beside Zaretan: and those that came down toward the sea of the plain, even the salt sea, failed, and were cut off: and the people passed over right against Jericho."
Aspect8, Joshua 4:16 "Command the priests that bear the ark of the testimony, that they come up out of Jordan."
Aspect8, Joshua 6:5 "And it shall come to pass, that when they make a long blast with the ram's horn, and when ye hear the sound of the trumpet, all the people shall shout with a great shout; and the wall of the city shall fall down flat, and the people shall ascend up every man straight before him."
Aspect8, Joshua 6:20 "So the people shouted when the priests blew with the trumpets: and it came to pass, when the people heard the sound of the trumpet, and the people shouted with a great shout, that the wall fell down flat, so that the people went up into the city, every man straight before him, and they took the city."
Aspect8, Joshua 7:14 "In the morning therefore ye shall be brought according to your tribes: and it shall be, that the tribe which the LORD taketh shall come according to the families thereof; and the family which the LORD shall take shall come by households; and the household which the LORD shall take shall come man by man."
Aspect8, Joshua 8:5 "And I, and all the people that are with me, will approach unto the city: and it shall come to pass, when they come out against us, as at the first, that we will flee before them,"
Aspect8, Joshua 8:6 "(For they will come out after us) till we have drawn them from the city; for they will say, They flee before us, as at the first: therefore we will flee before them."
Aspect8, Joshua 8:12 "And he took about five thousand men, and set them to lie in ambush between Bethel and Ai, on the west side of the city."
Aspect8, Joshua 8:14 "And it came to pass, when the king of Ai saw it, that they hasted and rose up early, and the men of the city went out against Israel to battle, he and all his people, at a time appointed, before the plain; but he wist not that there were liers in ambush against him behind the city."
Aspect8, Joshua 8:25 "And so it was, that all that fell that day, both of men and women, were twelve thousand, even all the men of Ai."
Aspect8, Joshua 13:2 "This is the land that yet remaineth: all the borders of the Philistines, and all Geshuri,"
Aspect8, Joshua 18:4 "Give out from among you three men for each tribe: and I will send them, and they shall rise, and go through the land, and describe it according to the inheritance of them; and they shall come again to me."
Aspect8, Joshua 18:9 "And the men went and passed through the land, and described it by cities into seven parts in a book, and came again to Joshua to the host at Shiloh."
Aspect8, Joshua 18:18 "And passed along toward the side over against Arabah northward, and went down unto Arabah:"
Aspect8, Joshua 21:5 "And the rest of the children of Kohath had by lot out of the families of the tribe of Ephraim, and out of the tribe of Dan, and out of the half tribe of Manasseh, ten cities."
Aspect8, Joshua 21:23 "And out of the tribe of Dan, Eltekeh with her suburbs, Gibbethon with her suburbs,"
Aspect8, Joshua 21:30 "And out of the tribe of Asher, Mishal with her suburbs, Abdon with her suburbs,"
Aspect8, Joshua 21:32 "And out of the tribe of Naphtali, Kedesh in Galilee with her suburbs, to be a city of refuge for the slayer; and Hammothdor with her suburbs, and Kartan with her suburbs; three cities."
Aspect8, Joshua 21:38 "And out of the tribe of Gad, Ramoth in Gilead with her suburbs, to be a city of refuge for the slayer; and Mahanaim with her suburbs,"
Aspect8, Judges 1:34 "And the Amorites forced the children of Dan into the mountain: for they would not suffer them to come down to the valley:"
Aspect8, Judges 3:27 "And it came to pass, when he was come, that he blew a trumpet in the mountain of Ephraim, and the children of Israel went down with him from the mount, and he before them."
Aspect8, Judges 5:20 "They fought from heaven; the stars in their courses fought against Sisera."
Aspect8, Judges 6:27 "Then Gideon took ten men of his servants, and did as the LORD had said unto him: and so it was, because he feared his father's household, and the men of the city, that he could not do it by day, that he did it by night."
Aspect8, Judges 7:24 "And Gideon sent messengers throughout all mount Ephraim, saying, come down against the Midianites, and take before them the waters unto Bethbarah and Jordan. Then all the men of Ephraim gathered themselves together, and took the waters unto Bethbarah and Jordan."
Aspect8, Judges 8:16 "And he took the elders of the city, and thorns of the wilderness and briers, and with them he taught the men of Succoth."
Aspect8, Judges 9:15 "And the bramble said unto the trees, If in truth ye anoint me king over you, then come and put your trust in my shadow: and if not, let fire come out of the bramble, and devour the cedars of Lebanon."
Aspect8, Judges 9:20 "But if not, let fire come out from Abimelech, and devour the men of Shechem, and the house of Millo; and let fire come out from the men of Shechem, and from the house of Millo, and devour Abimelech."
Aspect8, Judges 9:35 "And Gaal the son of Ebed went out, and stood in the entering of the gate of the city: and Abimelech rose up, and the people that were with him, from lying in wait."
Aspect8, Judges 9:37 "And Gaal spake again, and said, See there come people down by the middle of the land, and another company come along by the plain of Meonenim."
Aspect8, Judges 9:44 "And Abimelech, and the company that was with him, rushed forward, and stood in the entering of the gate of the city: and the two other companies ran upon all the people that were in the fields, and slew them."
Aspect8, Judges 9:45 "And Abimelech fought against the city all that day; and he took the city, and slew the people that was therein, and beat down the city, and sowed it with salt."
Aspect8, Judges 15:10 "And the men of Judah said, Why are ye come up against us? And they answered, To bind Samson are we come up, to do to him as he hath done to us."
Aspect8, Judges 18:11 "And there went from thence of the family of the Danites, out of Zorah and out of Eshtaol, six hundred men appointed with weapons of war."
Aspect8, Judges 18:17 "And the five men that went to spy out the land went up, and came in thither, and took the graven image, and the ephod, and the teraphim, and the molten image: and the priest stood in the entering of the gate with the six hundred men that were appointed with weapons of war."
Aspect8, Judges 19:29 "And when he was come into his house, he took a knife, and laid hold on his concubine, and divided her, together with her bones, into twelve pieces, and sent her into all the coasts of Israel."
Aspect8, Judges 20:11 "So all the men of Israel were gathered against the city, knit together as one man."
Aspect8, Judges 20:15 "And the children of Benjamin were numbered at that time out of the cities twenty and six thousand men that drew sword, beside the inhabitants of Gibeah, which were numbered seven hundred chosen men."
Aspect8, Judges 20:44 "And there fell of Benjamin eighteen thousand men; all these were men of valor."
Aspect8, Judges 20:46 "So that all which fell that day of Benjamin were twenty and five thousand men that drew the sword; all these were men of valor."
Aspect8, Judges 21:21 "And see, and, behold, if the daughters of Shiloh come out to dance in dances, then come ye out of the vineyards, and catch you every man his wife of the daughters of Shiloh, and go to the land of Benjamin."
Aspect8, Ruth 1:19 "So they two went until they came to Bethlehem. And it came to pass, when they were come to Bethlehem, that all the city was moved about them, and they said, Is this Naomi?"
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 2:36 "And it shall come to pass, that every one that is left in thine house shall come and crouch to him for a piece of silver and a morsel of bread, and shall say, Put me, I pray thee, into one of the priests' offices, that I may eat a piece of bread."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 5:5 "Therefore neither the priests of Dagon, nor any that come into Dagon's house, tread on the threshold of Dagon in Ashdod unto this day."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 5:12 "And the men that died not were smitten with the emerods: and the cry of the city went up to heaven."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 9:5 "And when they were come to the land of Zuph, Saul said to his servant that was with him, Come, and let us return; lest my father leave caring for the asses, and take thought for us."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 9:14 "And they went up into the city: and when they were come into the city, behold, Samuel came out against them, for to go up to the high place."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 9:22 "And Samuel took Saul and his servant, and brought them into the parlor, and made them sit in the chiefest place among them that were bidden, which were about thirty persons."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 9:25 "And when they were come down from the high place into the city, Samuel communed with Saul upon the top of the house."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 10:5 "After that thou shalt come to the hill of God, where is the garrison of the Philistines: and it shall come to pass, when thou art come thither to the city, that thou shalt meet a company of prophets coming down from the high place with a psaltery, and a tabret, and a pipe, and a harp, before them; and they shall prophesy:"
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 10:20 "And when Samuel had caused all the tribes of Israel to come near, the tribe of Benjamin was taken."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 11:14 "Then said Samuel to the people, Come, and let us go to Gilgal, and renew the kingdom there."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 13:5 "And the Philistines gathered themselves together to fight with Israel, thirty thousand chariots, and six thousand horsemen, and people as the sand which is on the sea shore in multitude: and they came up, and pitched in Michmash, eastward from Bethaven."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 14:2 "And Saul tarried in the uttermost part of Gibeah under a pomegranate tree which is in Migron: and the people that were with him were about six hundred men;"
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 16:5 "And he said, Peaceably: I am come to sacrifice unto the LORD: sanctify yourselves, and come with me to the sacrifice. And he sanctified Jesse and his sons, and called them to the sacrifice."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 16:6 "And it came to pass, when they were come, that he looked on Eliab, and said, Surely the LORD's anointed is before him."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 17:8 "And he stood and cried unto the armies of Israel, and said unto them, Why are ye come out to set your battle in array? am not I a Philistine, and ye servants to Saul? choose you a man for you, and let him come down to me."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 17:25 "And the men of Israel said, Have ye seen this man that is come up? surely to defy Israel is he come up: and it shall be, that the man who killeth him, the king will enrich him with great riches, and will give him his daughter, and make his father's house free in Israel."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 19:16 "And when the messengers were come in, behold, there was an image in the bed, with a pillow of goats' hair for his bolster."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 20:6 "If thy father at all miss me, then say, David earnestly asked leave of me that he might run to Bethlehem his city: for there is a yearly sacrifice there for all the family."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 20:24 "So David hid himself in the field: and when the new moon was come, the king sat him down to eat meat."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 20:28 "And Jonathan answered Saul, David earnestly asked leave of me to go to Bethlehem:"
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 20:35 "And it came to pass in the morning, that Jonathan went out into the field at the time appointed with David, and a little lad with him."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 20:37 "And when the lad was come to the place of the arrow which Jonathan had shot, Jonathan cried after the lad, and said, Is not the arrow beyond thee?"
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 21:15 "Have I need of mad men, that ye have brought this fellow to play the mad man in my presence? shall this fellow come into my house?"
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 22:6 "When Saul heard that David was discovered, and the men that were with him, (now Saul abode in Gibeah under a tree in Ramah, having his spear in his hand, and all his servants were standing about him;)"
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 23:11 "Will the men of Keilah deliver me up into his hand? will Saul come down, as thy servant hath heard? O LORD God of Israel, I beseech thee, tell thy servant. And the LORD said, He will come down."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 23:15 "And David saw that Saul was come out to seek his life: and David was in the wilderness of Ziph in a wood."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 23:20 "Now therefore, O king, come down according to all the desire of thy soul to come down; and our part shall be to deliver him into the king's hand."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 23:23 "See therefore, and take knowledge of all the lurking places where he hideth himself, and come ye again to me with the certainty, and I will go with you: and it shall come to pass, if he be in the land, that I will search him out throughout all the thousands of Judah."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 23:25 "Saul also and his men went to seek him. And they told David; wherefore he came down into a rock, and abode in the wilderness of Maon. And when Saul heard that, he pursued after David in the wilderness of Maon."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 24:2 "Then Saul took three thousand chosen men out of all Israel, and went to seek David and his men upon the rocks of the wild goats."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 24:7 "So David stayed his servants with these words, and suffered them not to rise against Saul. But Saul rose up out of the cave, and went on his way."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 24:14 "After whom is the king of Israel come out? after whom dost thou pursue? after a dead dog, after a flea."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 25:4 "And David heard in the wilderness that Nabal did shear his sheep."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 26:4 "David therefore sent out spies, and understood that Saul was come in very deed."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 26:13 "Then David went over to the other side, and stood on the top of an hill afar off; a great space being between them:"
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 29:10 "Wherefore now rise up early in the morning with thy master's servants that are come with thee: and as soon as ye be up early in the morning, and have light, depart."
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 30:1 "And it came to pass, when David and his men were come to Ziklag on the third day, that the Amalekites had invaded the south, and Ziklag, and smitten Ziklag, and burned it with fire;"
Aspect8, 1 Samuel 31:3 "And the battle went sore against Saul, and the archers hit him; and he was sore wounded of the archers."
Aspect8, 2 Samuel 2:24 "Joab also and Abishai pursued after Abner: and the sun went down when they were come to the hill of Ammah, that lieth before Giah by the way of the wilderness of Gibeon."
Aspect8, 2 Samuel 2:30 "And Joab returned from following Abner: and when he had gathered all the people together, there lacked of David's servants nineteen men and Asahel."
Aspect8, 2 Samuel 2:32 "And they took up Asahel, and buried him in the sepulchre of his father, which was in Bethlehem. And Joab and his men went all night, and they came to Hebron at break of day."
Aspect8, 2 Samuel 6:1 "Again, David gathered together all the chosen men of Israel, thirty thousand."
Aspect8, 2 Samuel 6:6 "And when they came to Nachon's threshingfloor, Uzzah put forth his hand to the ark of God, and took hold of it; for the oxen shook it."
Aspect8, 2 Samuel 11:7 "And when Uriah was come unto him, David demanded of him how Joab did, and how the people did, and how the war prospered."
Aspect8, 2 Samuel 11:16 "And it came to pass, when Joab observed the city, that he assigned Uriah unto a place where he knew that valiant men were."
Aspect8, 2 Samuel 11:17 "And the men of the city went out, and fought with Joab: and there fell some of the people of the servants of David; and Uriah the Hittite died also."
Aspect8, 2 Samuel 12:4 "And there came a traveler unto the rich man, and he spared to take of his own flock and of his own herd, to dress for the wayfaring man that was come unto him; but took the poor man's lamb, and dressed it for the man that was come to him."
Aspect8, 2 Samuel 13:2 "And Amnon was so vexed, that he fell sick for his sister Tamar; for she was a virgin; and Amnon thought it hard for him to do anything to her."
Aspect8, 2 Samuel 14:3 "And come to the king, and speak on this manner unto him. So Joab put the words in her mouth."
Aspect8, 2 Samuel 14:29 "Therefore Absalom sent for Joab, to have sent him to the king; but he would not come to him: and when he sent again the second time, he would not come."
Aspect8, 2 Samuel 15:28 "See, I will tarry in the plain of the wilderness, until there come word from you to certify me."
Aspect8, 2 Samuel 16:7 "And thus said Shimei when he cursed, Come out, come out, thou bloody man, and thou man of Belial:"
Aspect8, 2 Samuel 17:2 "And I will come upon him while he is weary and weak handed, and will make him afraid: and all the people that are with him shall flee; and I will smite the king only:"
Aspect8, 2 Samuel 17:9 "Behold, he is hid now in some pit, or in some other place: and it will come to pass, when some of them be overthrown at the first, that whosoever heareth it will say, There is a slaughter among the people that follow Absalom."
Aspect8, 2 Samuel 17:17 "Now Jonathan and Ahimaaz stayed by Enrogel; for they might not be seen to come into the city: and a wench went and told them; and they went and told king David."
Aspect8, 2 Samuel 19:20 "For thy servant doth know that I have sinned: therefore, behold, I am come the first this day of all the house of Joseph to go down to meet my lord the king."
Aspect8, 2 Samuel 19:25 "And it came to pass, when he was come to Jerusalem to meet the king, that the king said unto him, Wherefore wentest not thou with me, Mephibosheth?"
Aspect8, 2 Samuel 19:39 "And all the people went over Jordan. And when the king was come over, the king kissed Barzillai, and blessed him; and he returned unto his own place."
Aspect8, 2 Samuel 20:15 "And they came and besieged him in Abel of Bethmaachah, and they cast up a bank against the city, and it stood in the trench: and all the people that were with Joab battered the wall, to throw it down."
Aspect8, 1 Kings 1:35 "Then ye shall come up after him, that he may come and sit upon my throne; for he shall be king in my stead: and I have appointed him to be ruler over Israel and over Judah."
Aspect8, 1 Kings 1:41 "And Adonijah and all the guests that were with him heard it as they had made an end of eating. And when Joab heard the sound of the trumpet, he said, Wherefore is this noise of the city being in an uproar?"
Aspect8, 1 Kings 1:45 "And Zadok the priest and Nathan the prophet have anointed him king in Gihon: and they are come up from thence rejoicing, so that the city rang again. This is the noise that ye have heard."
Aspect8, 1 Kings 4:26 "And Solomon had forty thousand stalls of horses for his chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen."
Aspect8, 1 Kings 7:28 "And the work of the bases was on this manner: they had borders, and the borders were between the ledges:"
Aspect8, 1 Kings 8:31 "If any man trespass against his neighbor, and an oath be laid upon him to cause him to swear, and the oath come before thine altar in this house:"
Aspect8, 1 Kings 10:2 "And she came to Jerusalem with a very great train, with camels that bare spices, and very much gold, and precious stones: and when she was come to Solomon, she communed with him of all that was in her heart."
Aspect8, 1 Kings 10:26 "And Solomon gathered together chariots and horsemen: and he had a thousand and four hundred chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen, whom he bestowed in the cities for chariots, and with the king at Jerusalem."
Aspect8, 1 Kings 12:21 "And when Rehoboam was come to Jerusalem, he assembled all the house of Judah, with the tribe of Benjamin, an hundred and fourscore thousand chosen men, which were warriors, to fight against the house of Israel, to bring the kingdom again to Rehoboam the son of Solomon."
Aspect8, 1 Kings 19:17 "And it shall come to pass, that him that escapeth the sword of Hazael shall Jehu slay: and him that escapeth from the sword of Jehu shall Elisha slay."
Aspect8, 1 Kings 20:18 "And he said, Whether they be come out for peace, take them alive; or whether they be come out for war, take them alive."
Aspect8, 1 Kings 20:30 "But the rest fled to Aphek, into the city; and there a wall fell upon twenty and seven thousand of the men that were left. And Benhadad fled, and came into the city, into an inner chamber."
Aspect8, 1 Kings 20:33 "Now the men did diligently observe whether any thing would come from him, and did hastily catch it: and they said, Thy brother Benhadad. Then he said, Go ye, bring him. Then Benhadad came forth to him; and he caused him to come up into the chariot."
Aspect8, 1 Kings 21:27 "And it came to pass, when Ahab heard those words, that he rent his clothes, and put sackcloth upon his flesh, and fasted, and lay in sackcloth, and went softly."
Aspect8, 2 Kings 3:21 "And when all the Moabites heard that the kings were come up to fight against them, they gathered all that were able to put on armor, and upward, and stood in the border."
Aspect8, 2 Kings 3:22 "And they rose up early in the morning, and the sun shone upon the water, and the Moabites saw the water on the other side as red as blood:"
Aspect8, 2 Kings 4:32 "And when Elisha was come into the house, behold, the child was dead, and laid upon his bed."
Aspect8, 2 Kings 6:14 "Therefore sent he thither horses, and chariots, and a great host: and they came by night, and compassed the city about."
Aspect8, 2 Kings 6:30 "And it came to pass, when the king heard the words of the woman, that he rent his clothes; and he passed by upon the wall, and the people looked, and, behold, he had sackcloth within upon his flesh."
Aspect8, 2 Kings 7:4 "If we say, We will enter into the city, then the famine is in the city, and we shall die there: and if we sit still here, we die also. Now therefore come, and let us fall unto the host of the Syrians: if they save us alive, we shall live; and if they kill us, we shall but die."
Aspect8, 2 Kings 7:5 "And they rose up in the twilight, to go unto the camp of the Syrians: and when they were come to the uttermost part of the camp of Syria, behold, there was no man there."
Aspect8, 2 Kings 7:12 "And the king arose in the night, and said unto his servants, I will now show you what the Syrians have done to us. They know that we be hungry; therefore are they gone out of the camp to hide themselves in the field, saying, When they come out of the city, we shall catch them alive, and get into the city."
Aspect8, 2 Kings 8:21 "So Joram went over to Zair, and all the chariots with him: and he rose by night, and smote the Edomites which compassed him about, and the captains of the chariots: and the people fled into their tents."
Aspect8, 2 Kings 9:30 "And when Jehu was come to Jezreel, Jezebel heard of it; and she painted her face, and tired her head, and looked out at a window."
Aspect8, 2 Kings 9:34 "And when he was come in, he did eat and drink, and said, Go, see now this cursed woman, and bury her: for she is a king's daughter."
Aspect8, 2 Kings 11:9 "And the captains over the hundreds did according to all things that Jehoiada the priest commanded: and they took every man his men that were to come in on the sabbath, with them that should go out on the sabbath, and came to Jehoiada the priest."
Aspect8, 2 Kings 17:30 "And the men of Babylon made Succothbenoth, and the men of Cuth made Nergal, and the men of Hamath made Ashima,"
Aspect8, 2 Kings 18:29 "Thus saith the king, Let not Hezekiah deceive you: for he shall not be able to deliver you out of his hand:"
Aspect8, 2 Kings 19:9 "And when he heard say of Tirhakah king of Ethiopia, Behold, he is come out to fight against thee: he sent messengers again unto Hezekiah, saying,"
Aspect8, 2 Kings 19:28 "Because thy rage against me and thy tumult is come up into mine ears, therefore I will put my hook in thy nose, and my bridle in thy lips, and I will turn thee back by the way by which thou camest."
Aspect8, 2 Kings 19:32 "Therefore thus saith the LORD concerning the king of Assyria, He shall not come into this city, nor shoot an arrow there, nor come before it with shield, nor cast a bank against it."
Aspect8, 2 Kings 19:33 "By the way that he came, by the same shall he return, and shall not come into this city, saith the LORD."
Aspect8, 2 Kings 20:17 "Behold, the days come, that all that is in thine house, and that which thy fathers have laid up in store unto this day, shall be carried into Babylon: nothing shall be left, saith the LORD."
Aspect8, 2 Kings 24:10 "At that time the servants of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up against Jerusalem, and the city was besieged."
Aspect8, 2 Kings 25:19 "And out of the city he took an officer that was set over the men of war, and five men of them that were in the king's presence, which were found in the city, and the principal scribe of the host, which mustered the people of the land, and threescore men of the people of the land that were found in the city:"
Aspect8, 1 Chronicles 1:51 "Hadad died also. And the dukes of Edom were; duke Timnah, duke Aliah, duke Jetheth,"
Aspect8, 1 Chronicles 1:52 "Duke Aholibamah, duke Elah, duke Pinon,"
Aspect8, 1 Chronicles 1:53 "Duke Kenaz, duke Teman, duke Mibzar,"
Aspect8, 1 Chronicles 1:54 "Duke Magdiel, duke Iram. These are the dukes of Edom."
Aspect8, 1 Chronicles 3:3 "The fifth, Shephatiah of Abital: the sixth, Ithream by Eglah his wife."
Aspect8, 1 Chronicles 6:72 "And out of the tribe of Issachar; Kedesh with her suburbs, Daberath with her suburbs,"
Aspect8, 1 Chronicles 6:74 "And out of the tribe of Asher; Mashal with her suburbs, and Abdon with her suburbs,"
Aspect8, 1 Chronicles 7:2 "And the sons of Tola; Uzzi, and Rephaiah, and Jeriel, and Jahmai, and Jibsam, and Shemuel, heads of their father's house, to wit, of Tola: they were valiant men of might in their generations; whose number was in the days of David two and twenty thousand and six hundred."
Aspect8, 1 Chronicles 7:9 "And the number of them, after their genealogy by their generations, heads of the house of their fathers, mighty men of valor, was twenty thousand and two hundred."
Aspect8, 1 Chronicles 7:40 "All these were the children of Asher, heads of their father's house, choice and mighty men of valor, chief of the princes. And the number throughout the genealogy of them that were apt to the war and to battle was twenty and six thousand men."
Aspect8, 1 Chronicles 8:28 "These were heads of the fathers, by their generations, chief men. These dwelt in Jerusalem."
Aspect8, 1 Chronicles 9:25 "And their brethren, which were in their villages, were to come after seven days from time to time with them."
Aspect8, 1 Chronicles 12:17 "And David went out to meet them, and answered and said unto them, If ye be come peaceably unto me to help me, mine heart shall be knit unto you: but if ye be come to betray me to mine enemies, seeing there is no wrong in mine hands, the God of our fathers look thereon, and rebuke it."
Aspect8, 1 Chronicles 12:31 "And of the half tribe of Manasseh eighteen thousand, which were expressed by name, to come and make David king."
Aspect8, 1 Chronicles 12:32 "And of the children of Issachar, which were men that had understanding of the times, to know what Israel ought to do; the heads of them were two hundred; and all their brethren were at their commandment."
Aspect8, 1 Chronicles 12:37 "And on the other side of Jordan, of the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and of the half tribe of Manasseh, with all manner of instruments of war for the battle, an hundred and twenty thousand."
Aspect8, 1 Chronicles 19:7 "So they hired thirty and two thousand chariots, and the king of Maachah and his people; who came and pitched before Medeba. And the children of Ammon gathered themselves together from their cities, and came to battle."
Aspect8, 1 Chronicles 19:9 "And the children of Ammon came out, and put the battle in array before the gate of the city: and the kings that were come were by themselves in the field."
Aspect8, 1 Chronicles 23:3 "Now the Levites were numbered from the age of thirty years and upward: and their number by their polls, man by man, was thirty and eight thousand."
Aspect8, 1 Chronicles 29:27 "And the time that he reigned over Israel was forty years; seven years reigned he in Hebron, and thirty and three years reigned he in Jerusalem."
Aspect8, 2 Chronicles 3:13 "The wings of these cherubim spread themselves forth twenty cubits: and they stood on their feet, and their faces were inward."
Aspect8, 2 Chronicles 4:21 "And the flowers, and the lamps, and the tongs, made he of gold, and that perfect gold;"
Aspect8, 2 Chronicles 5:11 "And it came to pass, when the priests were come out of the holy place: (for all the priests that were present were sanctified, and did not then wait by course:"
Aspect8, 2 Chronicles 9:1 "And when the queen of Sheba heard of the fame of Solomon, she came to prove Solomon with hard questions at Jerusalem, with a very great company, and camels that bare spices, and gold in abundance, and precious stones: and when she was come to Solomon, she communed with him of all that was in her heart."
Aspect8, 2 Chronicles 10:2 "And it came to pass, when Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who was in Egypt, whither he fled from the presence of Solomon the king, heard it, that Jeroboam returned out of Egypt."
Aspect8, 2 Chronicles 11:1 "And when Rehoboam was come to Jerusalem, he gathered of the house of Judah and Benjamin an hundred and fourscore thousand chosen men, which were warriors, to fight against Israel, that he might bring the kingdom again to Rehoboam."
Aspect8, 2 Chronicles 11:9 "And Adoraim, and Lachish, and Azekah,"
Aspect8, 2 Chronicles 15:6 "And nation was destroyed of nation, and city of city: for God did vex them with all adversity."
Aspect8, 2 Chronicles 16:14 "And they buried him in his own sepulchres, which he had made for himself in the city of David, and laid him in the bed which was filled with sweet odorous and divers kinds of spices prepared by the apothecaries' art: and they made a very great burning for him."
Aspect8, 2 Chronicles 19:10 "And what cause soever shall come to you of your brethren that dwell in your cities, between blood and blood, between law and commandment, statutes and judgments, ye shall even warn them that they trespass not against the LORD, and so wrath come upon you, and upon your brethren: this do, and ye shall not trespass."
Aspect8, 2 Chronicles 23:8 "So the Levites and all Judah did according to all things that Jehoiada the priest had commanded, and took every man his men that were to come in on the sabbath, with them that were to go out on the sabbath: for Jehoiada the priest dismissed not the courses."
Aspect8, 2 Chronicles 25:10 "Then Amaziah separated them, to wit, the army that was come to him out of Ephraim, to go home again: wherefore their anger was greatly kindled against Judah, and they returned home in great anger."
Aspect8, 2 Chronicles 25:14 "Now it came to pass, after that Amaziah was come from the slaughter of the Edomites, that he brought the gods of the children of Seir, and set them up to be his gods, and bowed down himself before them, and burned incense unto them."
Aspect8, 2 Chronicles 26:12 "The whole number of the chief of the fathers of the mighty men of valor were two thousand and six hundred."
Aspect8, 2 Chronicles 26:15 "And he made in Jerusalem engines, invented by cunning men, to be on the towers and upon the bulwarks, to shoot arrows and great stones withal. And his name spread far abroad; for he was marvelously helped, till he was strong."
Aspect8, 2 Chronicles 28:14 "So the armed men left the captives and the spoil before the princes and all the congregation."
Aspect8, 2 Chronicles 28:17 "For again the Edomites had come and smitten Judah, and carried away captives."
Aspect8, 2 Chronicles 32:2 "And when Hezekiah saw that Sennacherib was come, and that he was purposed to fight against Jerusalem,"
Aspect8, 2 Chronicles 32:18 "Then they cried with a loud voice in the Jews' speech unto the people of Jerusalem that were on the wall, to affright them, and to trouble them; that they might take the city."
Aspect8, Ezra 1:9 "And this is the number of them: thirty chargers of gold, a thousand chargers of silver, nine and twenty knives,"
Aspect8, Ezra 10:8 "And that whosoever would not come within three days, according to the counsel of the princes and the elders, all his substance should be forfeited, and himself separated from the congregation of those that had been carried away."
Aspect8, Nehemiah 2:10 "When Sanballat the Horonite, and Tobiah the servant, the Ammonite, heard of it, it grieved them exceedingly that there was come a man to seek the welfare of the children of Israel."
Aspect8, Nehemiah 4:8 "And conspired all of them together to come and to fight against Jerusalem, and to hinder it."
Aspect8, Nehemiah 7:29 "The men of Kirjathjearim, Chephirah, and Beeroth, seven hundred forty and three."
Aspect8, Nehemiah 7:67 "Beside their manservants and their maidservants, of whom there were seven thousand three hundred thirty and seven: and they had two hundred forty and five singing men and singing women."
Aspect8, Esther 1:13 "Then the king said to the wise men, which knew the times, (for so was the king's manner toward all that knew law and judgment:"
Aspect8, Esther 1:17 "For this deed of the queen shall come abroad unto all women, so that they shall despise their husbands in their eyes, when it shall be reported, The king Ahasuerus commanded Vashti the queen to be brought in before him, but she came not."
Aspect8, Job 2:11 "Now when Job's three friends heard of all this evil that was come upon him, they came every one from his own place; Eliphaz the Temanite, and Bildad the Shuhite, and Zophar the Naamathite: for they had made an appointment together to come to mourn with him and to comfort him."
Aspect8, Job 3:7 "Lo, let that night be solitary, let no joyful voice come therein."
Aspect8, Job 3:25 "For the thing which I greatly feared is come upon me, and that which I was afraid of is come unto me."
Aspect8, Job 7:2 "As a servant earnestly desireth the shadow, and as an hireling looketh for the reward of his work:"
Aspect8, Job 7:9 "As the cloud is consumed and vanisheth away: so he that goeth down to the grave shall come up no more."
Aspect8, Job 8:17 "His roots are wrapped about the heap, and seeth the place of stones."
Aspect8, Job 9:32 "For he is not a man, as I am, that I should answer him, and we should come together in judgment."
Aspect8, Job 12:20 "He removeth away the speech of the trusty, and taketh away the understanding of the aged."
Aspect8, Job 14:14 "If a man die, shall he live again? all the days of my appointed time will I wait, till my change come."
Aspect8, Job 15:21 "A dreadful sound is in his ears: in prosperity the destroyer shall come upon him."
Aspect8, Job 16:22 "When a few years are come, then I shall go the way whence I shall not return."
Aspect8, Job 17:1 "My breath is corrupt, my days are extinct, the graves are ready for me."
Aspect8, Job 17:8 "Upright men shall be astonied at this, and the innocent shall stir up himself against the hypocrite."
Aspect8, Job 18:20 "They that come after him shall be astonied at his day, as they that went before were affrighted."
Aspect8, Job 20:22 "In the fulness of his sufficiency he shall be in straits: every hand of the wicked shall come upon him."
Aspect8, Job 22:14 "Thick clouds are a covering to him, that he seeth not; and he walketh in the circuit of heaven."
Aspect8, Job 22:21 "Acquaint now thyself with him, and be at peace: thereby good shall come unto thee."
Aspect8, Job 23:3 "Oh that I knew where I might find him! that I might come even to his seat!"
Aspect8, Job 23:10 "But he knoweth the way that I take: when he hath tried me, I shall come forth as gold."
Aspect8, Job 24:12 "Men groan from out of the city, and the soul of the wounded crieth out: yet God layeth not folly to them."
Aspect8, Job 29:7 "When I went out to the gate through the city, when I prepared my seat in the street!"
Aspect8, Job 29:22 "After my words they spake not again; and my speech dropped upon them."
Aspect8, Job 31:15 "Did not he that made me in the womb make him? and did not one fashion us in the womb?"
Aspect8, Job 34:28 "So that they cause the cry of the poor to come unto him, and he heareth the cry of the afflicted."
Aspect8, Job 37:13 "He causeth it to come, whether for correction, or for his land, or for mercy."
Aspect8, Job 39:18 "What time she lifteth up herself on high, she scorneth the horse and his rider."
Aspect8, Job 39:21 "He paweth in the valley, and rejoiceth in his strength: he goeth on to meet the armed men."
Aspect8, Job 39:23 "The quiver rattleth against him, the glittering spear and the shield."
Aspect8, Job 40:13 "Hide them in the dust together; and bind their faces in secret."
Aspect8, Job 41:13 "Who can discover the face of his garment? or who can come to him with his double bridle?"
Aspect8, Psalm 5:7 "But as for me, I will come into thy house in the multitude of thy mercy: and in thy fear will I worship toward thy holy temple."
Aspect8, Psalm 7:9 "Oh let the wickedness of the wicked come to an end; but establish the just: for the righteous God trieth the hearts and reins."
Aspect8, Psalm 7:16 "His mischief shall return upon his own head, and his violent dealing shall come down upon his own pate."
Aspect8, Psalm 9:6 "O thou enemy, destructions are come to a perpetual end: and thou hast destroyed cities; their memorial is perished with them."
Aspect8, Psalm 14:7 "Oh that the salvation of Israel were come out of Zion! when the LORD bringeth back the captivity of his people, Jacob shall rejoice, and Israel shall be glad."
Aspect8, Psalm 17:2 "Let my sentence come forth from thy presence; let thine eyes behold the things that are equal."
Aspect8, Psalm 18:42 "Then did I beat them small as the dust before the wind: I did cast them out as the dirt in the streets."
Aspect8, Psalm 19:3 "There is no speech nor language, where their voice is not heard."
Aspect8, Psalm 22:31 "They shall come, and shall declare his righteousness unto a people that shall be born, that he hath done this."
Aspect8, Psalm 33:15 "He fashioneth their hearts alike; he considereth all their works."
Aspect8, Psalm 35:7 "For without cause have they hid for me their net in a pit, which without cause they have digged for my soul."
Aspect8, Psalm 35:20 "For they speak not peace: but they devise deceitful matters against them that are quiet in the land."
Aspect8, Psalm 36:11 "Let not the foot of pride come against me, and let not the hand of the wicked remove me."
Aspect8, Psalm 38:5 "My wounds stink and are corrupt because of my foolishness."
Aspect8, Psalm 49:10 "For he seeth that wise men die, likewise the fool and the brutish person perish, and leave their wealth to others."
Aspect8, Psalm 50:3 "Our God shall come, and shall not keep silence: a fire shall devour before him, and it shall be very tempestuous round about him."
Aspect8, Psalm 53:6 "Oh that the salvation of Israel were come out of Zion! When God bringeth back the captivity of his people, Jacob shall rejoice, and Israel shall be glad."
Aspect8, Psalm 57:3 "He shall send from heaven, and save me from the reproach of him that would swallow me up. Selah. God shall send forth his mercy and his truth."
Aspect8, Psalm 58:10 "The righteous shall rejoice when he seeth the vengeance: he shall wash his feet in the blood of the wicked."
Aspect8, Psalm 66:5 "Come and see the works of God: he is terrible in his doing toward the children of men."
Aspect8, Psalm 69:1 "Save me, O God; for the waters are come in unto my soul."
Aspect8, Psalm 69:2 "I sink in deep mire, where there is no standing: I am come into deep waters, where the floods overflow me."
Aspect8, Psalm 69:10 "When I wept, and chastened my soul with fasting, that was to my reproach."
Aspect8, Psalm 69:12 "They that sit in the gate speak against me; and I was the song of the drunkards."
Aspect8, Psalm 69:27 "Add iniquity unto their iniquity: and let them not come into thy righteousness."
Aspect8, Psalm 79:1 "O god, the heathen are come into thine inheritance; thy holy temple have they defiled; they have laid Jerusalem on heaps."
Aspect8, Psalm 80:2 "Before Ephraim and Benjamin and Manasseh stir up thy strength, and come and save us."
Aspect8, Psalm 85:10 "Mercy and truth are met together; righteousness and peace have kissed each other."
Aspect8, Psalm 95:2 "Let us come before his presence with thanksgiving, and make a joyful noise unto him with psalms."
Aspect8, Psalm 102:18 "This shall be written for the generation to come: and the people which shall be created shall praise the LORD."
Aspect8, Psalm 104:7 "At thy rebuke they fled; at the voice of thy thunder they hasted away."
Aspect8, Psalm 107:4 "They wandered in the wilderness in a solitary way; they found no city to dwell in."
Aspect8, Psalm 107:8 "Oh that men would praise the LORD for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men!"
Aspect8, Psalm 107:11 "Because they rebelled against the words of God, and contemned the counsel of the most High:"
Aspect8, Psalm 107:15 "Oh that men would praise the LORD for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men!"
Aspect8, Psalm 107:21 "Oh that men would praise the LORD for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men!"
Aspect8, Psalm 107:31 "Oh that men would praise the LORD for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men!"
Aspect8, Psalm 107:40 "He poureth contempt upon princes, and causeth them to wander in the wilderness, where there is no way."
Aspect8, Psalm 109:17 "As he loved cursing, so let it come unto him: as he delighted not in blessing, so let it be far from him."
Aspect8, Psalm 119:169 "Let my cry come near before thee, O LORD: give me understanding according to thy word."
Aspect8, Psalm 119:170 "Let my supplication come before thee: deliver me according to thy word."
Aspect8, Psalm 123:3 "Have mercy upon us, O LORD, have mercy upon us: for we are exceedingly filled with contempt."
Aspect8, Psalm 123:4 "Our soul is exceedingly filled with the scorning of those that are at ease, and with the contempt of the proud."
Aspect8, Psalm 126:6 "He that goeth forth and weepeth, bearing precious seed, shall doubtless come again with rejoicing, bringing his sheaves with him."
Aspect8, Psalm 130:6 "My soul waiteth for the Lord more than they that watch for the morning: I say, more than they that watch for the morning."
Aspect8, Psalm 132:3 "Surely I will not come into the tabernacle of my house, nor go up into my bed;"
Aspect8, Psalm 147:4 "He telleth the number of the stars; he calleth them all by their names."
Aspect8, Proverbs 1:11 "If they say, Come with us, let us lay wait for blood, let us lurk privily for the innocent without cause:"
Aspect8, Proverbs 5:8 "Remove thy way far from her, and come not nigh the door of her house:"
Aspect8, Proverbs 6:11 "So shall thy poverty come as one that travelleth, and thy want as an armed man."
Aspect8, Proverbs 6:15 "Therefore shall his calamity come suddenly; suddenly shall he be broken without remedy."
Aspect8, Proverbs 6:30 "Men do not despise a thief, if he steal to satisfy his soul when he is hungry;"
Aspect8, Proverbs 7:18 "Come, let us take our fill of love until the morning: let us solace ourselves with loves."
Aspect8, Proverbs 8:3 "She crieth at the gates, at the entry of the city, at the coming in at the doors."
Aspect8, Proverbs 9:5 "Come, eat of my bread, and drink of the wine which I have mingled."
Aspect8, Proverbs 9:14 "For she sitteth at the door of her house, on a seat in the high places of the city,"
Aspect8, Proverbs 10:24 "The fear of the wicked, it shall come upon him: but the desire of the righteous shall be granted."
Aspect8, Proverbs 12:13 "The wicked is snared by the transgression of his lips: but the just shall come out of trouble."
Aspect8, Proverbs 12:21 "There shall no evil happen to the just: but the wicked shall be filled with mischief."
Aspect8, Proverbs 13:20 "He that walketh with wise men shall be wise: but a companion of fools shall be destroyed."
Aspect8, Proverbs 14:22 "Do they not err that devise evil? but mercy and truth shall be to them that devise good."
Aspect8, Proverbs 15:11 "Hell and destruction are before the LORD: how much more then the hearts of the children of men?"
Aspect8, Proverbs 16:6 "By mercy and truth iniquity is purged: and by the fear of the LORD men depart from evil."
Aspect8, Proverbs 18:16 "A man's gift maketh room for him, and bringeth him before great men."
Aspect8, Proverbs 19:5 "A false witness shall not be unpunished, and he that speaketh lies shall not escape."
Aspect8, Proverbs 22:16 "He that oppresseth the poor to increase his riches, and he that giveth to the rich, shall surely come to want."
Aspect8, Proverbs 23:21 "For the drunkard and the glutton shall come to poverty: and drowsiness shall clothe a man with rags."
Aspect8, Proverbs 24:20 "For there shall be no reward to the evil man; the candle of the wicked shall be put out."
Aspect8, Proverbs 24:25 "But to them that rebuke him shall be delight, and a good blessing shall come upon them."
Aspect8, Proverbs 24:34 "So shall thy poverty come as one that travelleth; and thy want as an armed man."
Aspect8, Proverbs 25:4 "Take away the dross from the silver, and there shall come forth a vessel for the finer."
Aspect8, Proverbs 26:2 "As the bird by wandering, as the swallow by flying, so the curse causeless shall not come."
Aspect8, Proverbs 30:16 "The grave; and the barren womb; the earth that is not filled with water; and the fire that saith not, It is enough."
Aspect8, Proverbs 31:25 "Strength and honour are her clothing; and she shall rejoice in time to come."
Aspect8, Ecclesiastes 1:11 "There is no remembrance of former things; neither shall there be any remembrance of things that are to come with those that shall come after."
Aspect8, Ecclesiastes 2:16 "For there is no remembrance of the wise more than of the fool for ever; seeing that which now is in the days to come shall all be forgotten. And how dieth the wise man? as the fool."
Aspect8, Ecclesiastes 3:3 "A time to kill, and a time to heal; a time to break down, and a time to build up;"
Aspect8, Ecclesiastes 7:27 "Behold, this have I found, saith the preacher, counting one by one, to find out the account:"
Aspect8, Ecclesiastes 8:10 "And so I saw the wicked buried, who had come and gone from the place of the holy, and they were forgotten in the city where they had so done: this is also vanity."
Aspect8, Ecclesiastes 12:8 "Vanity of vanities, saith the preacher; all is vanity."
Aspect8, Song of Solomon 2:12 "The flowers appear on the earth; the time of the singing of birds is come, and the voice of the turtle is heard in our land;"
Aspect8, Song of Solomon 2:13 "The fig tree putteth forth her green figs, and the vines with the tender grape give a good smell. Arise, my love, my fair one, and come away."
Aspect8, Song of Solomon 4:8 "Come with me from Lebanon, my spouse, with me from Lebanon: look from the top of Amana, from the top of Shenir and Hermon, from the lions' dens, from the mountains of the leopards."
Aspect8, Song of Solomon 4:16 "Awake, O north wind; and come, thou south; blow upon my garden, that the spices thereof may flow out. Let my beloved come into his garden, and eat his pleasant fruits."
Aspect8, Song of Solomon 5:7 "The watchmen that went about the city found me, they smote me, they wounded me; the keepers of the walls took away my veil from me."
Aspect8, Song of Solomon 7:11 "Come, my beloved, let us go forth into the field; let us lodge in the villages."
Aspect8, Isaiah 1:12 "When ye come to appear before me, who hath required this at your hand, to tread my courts?"
Aspect8, Isaiah 1:18 "Come now, and let us reason together, saith the LORD: though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow; though they be red like crimson, they shall be as wool."
Aspect8, Isaiah 2:2 "And it shall come to pass in the last days, that the mountain of the LORD's house shall be established in the top of the mountains, and shall be exalted above the hills; and all nations shall flow unto it."
Aspect8, Isaiah 3:20 "The bonnets, and the ornaments of the legs, and the headbands, and the tablets, and the earrings,"
Aspect8, Isaiah 4:3 "And it shall come to pass, that he that is left in Zion, and he that remaineth in Jerusalem, shall be called holy, even every one that is written among the living in Jerusalem:"
Aspect8, Isaiah 5:6 "And I will lay it waste: it shall not be pruned, nor digged; but there shall come up briers and thorns: I will also command the clouds that they rain no rain upon it."
Aspect8, Isaiah 7:7 "Thus saith the Lord GOD, It shall not stand, neither shall it come to pass."
Aspect8, Isaiah 7:18 "And it shall come to pass in that day, that the LORD shall hiss for the fly that is in the uttermost part of the rivers of Egypt, and for the bee that is in the land of Assyria."
Aspect8, Isaiah 7:19 "And they shall come, and shall rest all of them in the desolate valleys, and in the holes of the rocks, and upon all thorns, and upon all bushes."
Aspect8, Isaiah 7:21 "And it shall come to pass in that day, that a man shall nourish a young cow, and two sheep;"
Aspect8, Isaiah 7:23 "And it shall come to pass in that day, that every place shall be, where there were a thousand vines at a thousand silverlings, it shall even be for briers and thorns."
Aspect8, Isaiah 7:24 "With arrows and with bows shall men come thither; because all the land shall become briers and thorns."
Aspect8, Isaiah 7:25 "And on all hills that shall be digged with the mattock, there shall not come thither the fear of briers and thorns: but it shall be for the sending forth of oxen, and for the treading of lesser cattle."
Aspect8, Isaiah 8:10 "Take counsel together, and it shall come to nought; speak the word, and it shall not stand: for God is with us."
Aspect8, Isaiah 8:21 "And they shall pass through it, hardly bestead and hungry: and it shall come to pass, that when they shall be hungry, they shall fret themselves, and curse their king and their God, and look upward."
Aspect8, Isaiah 10:27 "And it shall come to pass in that day, that his burden shall be taken away from off thy shoulder, and his yoke from off thy neck, and the yoke shall be destroyed because of the anointing."
Aspect8, Isaiah 10:28 "He is come to Aiath, he is passed to Migron; at Michmash he hath laid up his carriages:"
Aspect8, Isaiah 11:1 "And there shall come forth a rod out of the stem of Jesse, and a Branch shall grow out of his roots:"
Aspect8, Isaiah 11:11 "And it shall come to pass in that day, that the Lord shall set his hand again the second time to recover the remnant of his people, which shall be left, from Assyria, and from Egypt, and from Pathros, and from Cush, and from Elam, and from Shinar, and from Hamath, and from the islands of the sea."
Aspect8, Isaiah 13:6 "Howl ye; for the day of the LORD is at hand; it shall come as a destruction from the Almighty."
Aspect8, Isaiah 13:22 "And the wild beasts of the islands shall cry in their desolate houses, and dragons in their pleasant palaces: and her time is near to come, and her days shall not be prolonged."
Aspect8, Isaiah 14:24 "The LORD of hosts hath sworn, saying, Surely as I have thought, so shall it come to pass; and as I have purposed, so shall it stand:"
Aspect8, Isaiah 14:31 "Howl, O gate; cry, O city; thou, whole Palestina, art dissolved: for there shall come from the north a smoke, and none shall be alone in his appointed times."
Aspect8, Isaiah 16:12 "And it shall come to pass, when it is seen that Moab is weary on the high place, that he shall come to his sanctuary to pray; but he shall not prevail."
Aspect8, Isaiah 17:4 "And in that day it shall come to pass, that the glory of Jacob shall be made thin, and the fatness of his flesh shall wax lean."
Aspect8, Isaiah 19:23 "In that day shall there be a highway out of Egypt to Assyria, and the Assyrian shall come into Egypt, and the Egyptian into Assyria, and the Egyptians shall serve with the Assyrians."
Aspect8, Isaiah 21:3 "Therefore are my loins filled with pain: pangs have taken hold upon me, as the pangs of a woman that travaileth: I was bowed down at the hearing of it; I was dismayed at the seeing of it."
Aspect8, Isaiah 22:2 "Thou that art full of stirs, a tumultuous city, joyous city: thy slain men are not slain with the sword, nor dead in battle."
Aspect8, Isaiah 22:6 "And Elam bare the quiver with chariots of men and horsemen, and Kir uncovered the shield."
Aspect8, Isaiah 22:7 "And it shall come to pass, that thy choicest valleys shall be full of chariots, and the horsemen shall set themselves in array at the gate."
Aspect8, Isaiah 22:20 "And it shall come to pass in that day, that I will call my servant Eliakim the son of Hilkiah:"
Aspect8, Isaiah 23:15 "And it shall come to pass in that day, that Tyre shall be forgotten seventy years, according to the days of one king: after the end of seventy years shall Tyre sing as an harlot."
Aspect8, Isaiah 24:12 "In the city is left desolation, and the gate is smitten with destruction."
Aspect8, Isaiah 25:2 "For thou hast made of a city an heap; of a defenced city a ruin: a palace of strangers to be no city; it shall never be built."
Aspect8, Isaiah 26:20 "Come, my people, enter thou into thy chambers, and shut thy doors about thee: hide thyself as it were for a little moment, until the indignation be overpast."
Aspect8, Isaiah 27:6 "He shall cause them that come of Jacob to take root: Israel shall blossom and bud, and fill the face of the world with fruit."
Aspect8, Isaiah 27:13 "And it shall come to pass in that day, that the great trumpet shall be blown, and they shall come which were ready to perish in the land of Assyria, and the outcasts in the land of Egypt, and shall worship the LORD in the holy mount at Jerusalem."
Aspect8, Isaiah 28:15 "Because ye have said, We have made a covenant with death, and with hell are we at agreement; when the overflowing scourge shall pass through, it shall not come unto us: for we have made lies our refuge, and under falsehood have we hid ourselves:"
Aspect8, Isaiah 28:19 "From the time that it goeth forth it shall take you: for morning by morning shall it pass over, by day and by night: and it shall be a vexation only to understand the report."
Aspect8, Isaiah 29:24 "They also that erred in spirit shall come to understanding, and they that murmured shall learn doctrine."
Aspect8, Isaiah 30:29 "Ye shall have a song, as in the night when a holy solemnity is kept; and gladness of heart, as when one goeth with a pipe to come into the mountain of the LORD, to the mighty One of Israel."
Aspect8, Isaiah 32:13 "Upon the land of my people shall come up thorns and briers; yea, upon all the houses of joy in the joyous city:"
Aspect8, Isaiah 34:1 "Come near, ye nations, to hear; and hearken, ye people: let the earth hear, and all that is therein; the world, and all things that come forth of it."
Aspect8, Isaiah 34:3 "Their slain also shall be cast out, and their stink shall come up out of their carcases, and the mountains shall be melted with their blood."
Aspect8, Isaiah 34:7 "And the unicorns shall come down with them, and the bullocks with the bulls; and their land shall be soaked with blood, and their dust made fat with fatness."
Aspect8, Isaiah 34:13 "And thorns shall come up in her palaces, nettles and brambles in the fortresses thereof: and it shall be an habitation of dragons, and a court for owls."
Aspect8, Isaiah 35:4 "Say to them that are of a fearful heart, Be strong, fear not: behold, your God will come with vengeance, even God with a recompence; he will come and save you."
Aspect8, Isaiah 36:14 "Thus saith the king, Let not Hezekiah deceive you: for he shall not be able to deliver you."
Aspect8, Isaiah 37:29 "Because thy rage against me, and thy tumult, is come up into mine ears, therefore will I put my hook in thy nose, and my bridle in thy lips, and I will turn thee back by the way by which thou camest."
Aspect8, Isaiah 37:33 "Therefore thus saith the LORD concerning the king of Assyria, He shall not come into this city, nor shoot an arrow there, nor come before it with shields, nor cast a bank against it."
Aspect8, Isaiah 37:34 "By the way that he came, by the same shall he return, and shall not come into this city, saith the LORD."
Aspect8, Isaiah 39:6 "Behold, the days come, that all that is in thine house, and that which thy fathers have laid up in store until this day, shall be carried to Babylon: nothing shall be left, saith the LORD."
Aspect8, Isaiah 41:1 "Keep silence before me, O islands; and let the people renew their strength: let them come near; then let them speak: let us come near together to judgment."
Aspect8, Isaiah 41:25 "I have raised up one from the north, and he shall come: from the rising of the sun shall he call upon my name: and he shall come upon princes as upon morter, and as the potter treadeth clay."
Aspect8, Isaiah 42:2 "He shall not cry, nor lift up, nor cause his voice to be heard in the street."
Aspect8, Isaiah 42:9 "Behold, the former things are come to pass, and new things do I declare: before they spring forth I tell you of them."
Aspect8, Isaiah 42:23 "Who among you will give ear to this? who will hearken and hear for the time to come?"
Aspect8, Isaiah 45:24 "Surely, shall one say, in the LORD have I righteousness and strength: even to him shall men come; and all that are incensed against him shall be ashamed."
Aspect8, Isaiah 49:12 "Behold, these shall come from far: and, lo, these from the north and from the west; and these from the land of Sinim."
Aspect8, Isaiah 50:8 "He is near that justifieth me; who will contend with me? let us stand together: who is mine adversary? let him come near to me."
Aspect8, Isaiah 52:1 "Awake, awake; put on thy strength, O Zion; put on thy beautiful garments, O Jerusalem, the holy city: for henceforth there shall no more come into thee the uncircumcised and the unclean."
Aspect8, Isaiah 55:1 "Ho, every one that thirsteth, come ye to the waters, and he that hath no money; come ye, buy, and eat; yea, come, buy wine and milk without money and without price."
Aspect8, Isaiah 55:13 "Instead of the thorn shall come up the fir tree, and instead of the brier shall come up the myrtle tree: and it shall be to the LORD for a name, for an everlasting sign that shall not be cut off."
Aspect8, Isaiah 56:12 "Come ye, say they, I will fetch wine, and we will fill ourselves with strong drink; and to morrow shall be as this day, and much more abundant."
Aspect8, Isaiah 59:20 "And the Redeemer shall come to Zion, and unto them that turn from transgression in Jacob, saith the LORD."
Aspect8, Isaiah 60:3 "And the Gentiles shall come to thy light, and kings to the brightness of thy rising."
Aspect8, Isaiah 60:6 "The multitude of camels shall cover thee, the dromedaries of Midian and Ephah; all they from Sheba shall come: they shall bring gold and incense; and they shall shew forth the praises of the LORD."
Aspect8, Isaiah 60:18 "Violence shall no more be heard in thy land, wasting nor destruction within thy borders; but thou shalt call thy walls Salvation, and thy gates Praise."
Aspect8, Isaiah 65:24 "And it shall come to pass, that before they call, I will answer; and while they are yet speaking, I will hear."
Aspect8, Isaiah 66:18 "For I know their works and their thoughts: it shall come, that I will gather all nations and tongues; and they shall come, and see my glory."
Aspect8, Isaiah 66:23 "And it shall come to pass, that from one new moon to another, and from one sabbath to another, shall all flesh come to worship before me, saith the LORD."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 3:16 "And it shall come to pass, when ye be multiplied and increased in the land, in those days, saith the LORD, they shall say no more, The ark of the covenant of the LORD: neither shall it come to mind: neither shall they remember it; neither shall they visit it; neither shall that be done any more."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 4:4 "Circumcise yourselves to the LORD, and take away the foreskins of your heart, ye men of Judah and inhabitants of Jerusalem: lest my fury come forth like fire, and burn that none can quench it, because of the evil of your doings."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 4:9 "And it shall come to pass at that day, saith the LORD, that the heart of the king shall perish, and the heart of the princes; and the priests shall be astonished, and the prophets shall wonder."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 4:13 "Behold, he shall come up as clouds, and his chariots shall be as a whirlwind: his horses are swifter than eagles. Woe unto us! for we are spoiled."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 7:10 "And come and stand before me in this house, which is called by my name, and say, We are delivered to do all these abominations?"
Aspect8, Jeremiah 8:16 "The snorting of his horses was heard from Dan: the whole land trembled at the sound of the neighing of his strong ones; for they are come, and have devoured the land, and all that is in it; the city, and those that dwell therein."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 9:17 "Thus saith the LORD of hosts, Consider ye, and call for the mourning women, that they may come; and send for cunning women, that they may come:"
Aspect8, Jeremiah 9:21 "For death is come up into our windows, and is entered into our palaces, to cut off the children from without, and the young men from the streets."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 9:25 "Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will punish all them which are circumcised with the uncircumcised;"
Aspect8, Jeremiah 12:9 "Mine heritage is unto me as a speckled bird, the birds round about are against her; come ye, assemble all the beasts of the field, come to devour."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 13:7 "Then I went to Euphrates, and digged, and took the girdle from the place where I had hid it: and, behold, the girdle was marred, it was profitable for nothing."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 13:18 "Say unto the king and to the queen, Humble yourselves, sit down: for your principalities shall come down, even the crown of your glory."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 13:22 "And if thou say in thine heart, Wherefore come these things upon me? For the greatness of thine iniquity are thy skirts discovered, and thy heels made bare."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 15:13 "Thy substance and thy treasures will I give to the spoil without price, and that for all thy sins, even in all thy borders."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 17:24 "And it shall come to pass, if ye diligently hearken unto me, saith the LORD, to bring in no burden through the gates of this city on the sabbath day, but hallow the sabbath day, to do no work therein;"
Aspect8, Jeremiah 18:18 "Then said they, Come and let us devise devices against Jeremiah; for the law shall not perish from the priest, nor counsel from the wise, nor the word from the prophet. Come, and let us smite him with the tongue, and let us not give heed to any of his words."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 18:20 "Shall evil be recompensed for good? for they have digged a pit for my soul. Remember that I stood before thee to speak good for them, and to turn away thy wrath from them."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 22:19 "He shall be buried with the burial of an ass, drawn and cast forth beyond the gates of Jerusalem."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 25:12 "And it shall come to pass, when seventy years are accomplished, that I will punish the king of Babylon, and that nation, saith the LORD, for their iniquity, and the land of the Chaldeans, and will make it perpetual desolations."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 26:11 "Then spake the priests and the prophets unto the princes and to all the people, saying, This man is worthy to die; for he hath prophesied against this city, as ye have heard with your ears."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 30:8 "For it shall come to pass in that day, saith the LORD of hosts, that I will break his yoke from off thy neck, and will burst thy bonds, and strangers shall no more serve themselves of him:"
Aspect8, Jeremiah 31:12 "Therefore they shall come and sing in the height of Zion, and shall flow together to the goodness of the LORD, for wheat, and for wine, and for oil, and for the young of the flock and of the herd: and their soul shall be as a watered garden; and they shall not sorrow any more at all."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 31:14 "And I will satiate the soul of the priests with fatness, and my people shall be satisfied with my goodness, saith the LORD."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 31:17 "And there is hope in thine end, saith the LORD, that thy children shall come again to their own border."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 31:28 "And it shall come to pass, that like as I have watched over them, to pluck up, and to break down, and to throw down, and to destroy, and to afflict; so will I watch over them, to build, and to plant, saith the LORD."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 32:24 "Behold the mounts, they are come unto the city to take it; and the city is given into the hand of the Chaldeans, that fight against it, because of the sword, and of the famine, and of the pestilence: and what thou hast spoken is come to pass; and, behold, thou seest it."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 32:29 "And the Chaldeans, that fight against this city, shall come and set fire on this city, and burn it with the houses, upon whose roofs they have offered incense unto Baal, and poured out drink offerings unto other gods, to provoke me to anger."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 33:5 "They come to fight with the Chaldeans, but it is to fill them with the dead bodies of men, whom I have slain in mine anger and in my fury, and for all whose wickedness I have hid my face from this city."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 37:5 "Then Pharaoh's army was come forth out of Egypt: and when the Chaldeans that besieged Jerusalem heard tidings of them, they departed from Jerusalem."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 37:8 "And the Chaldeans shall come again, and fight against this city, and take it, and burn it with fire."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 41:12 "Then they took all the men, and went to fight with Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and found him by the great waters that are in Gibeon."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 43:9 "Take great stones in thine hand, and hide them in the clay in the brickkiln, which is at the entry of Pharaoh's house in Tahpanhes, in the sight of the men of Judah;"
Aspect8, Jeremiah 46:9 "Come up, ye horses; and rage, ye chariots; and let the mighty men come forth; the Ethiopians and the Libyans, that handle the shield; and the Lydians, that handle and bend the bow."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 47:5 "Baldness is come upon Gaza; Ashkelon is cut off with the remnant of their valley: how long wilt thou cut thyself?"
Aspect8, Jeremiah 48:8 "And the spoiler shall come upon every city, and no city shall escape: the valley also shall perish, and the plain shall be destroyed, as the LORD hath spoken."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 48:12 "Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will send unto him wanderers, that shall cause him to wander, and shall empty his vessels, and break their bottles."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 48:16 "The calamity of Moab is near to come, and his affliction hasteth fast."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 48:18 "Thou daughter that dost inhabit Dibon, come down from thy glory, and sit in thirst; for the spoiler of Moab shall come upon thee, and he shall destroy thy strong holds."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 48:21 "And judgment is come upon the plain country; upon Holon, and upon Jahazah, and upon Mephaath,"
Aspect8, Jeremiah 48:45 "They that fled stood under the shadow of Heshbon because of the force: but a fire shall come forth out of Heshbon, and a flame from the midst of Sihon, and shall devour the corner of Moab, and the crown of the head of the tumultuous ones."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 49:2 "Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will cause an alarm of war to be heard in Rabbah of the Ammonites; and it shall be a desolate heap, and her daughters shall be burned with fire: then shall Israel be heir unto them that were his heirs, saith the LORD."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 49:22 "Behold, he shall come up and fly as the eagle, and spread his wings over Bozrah: and at that day shall the heart of the mighty men of Edom be as the heart of a woman in her pangs."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 49:25 "How is the city of praise not left, the city of my joy!"
Aspect8, Jeremiah 50:9 "For, lo, I will raise and cause to come up against Babylon an assembly of great nations from the north country: and they shall set themselves in array against her; from thence she shall be taken: their arrows shall be as of a mighty expert man; none shall return in vain."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 50:10 "And Chaldea shall be a spoil: all that spoil her shall be satisfied, saith the LORD."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 50:27 "Slay all her bullocks; let them go down to the slaughter: woe unto them! for their day is come, the time of their visitation."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 51:13 "O thou that dwellest upon many waters, abundant in treasures, thine end is come, and the measure of thy covetousness."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 51:42 "The sea is come up upon Babylon: she is covered with the multitude of the waves thereof."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 51:46 "And lest your heart faint, and ye fear for the rumour that shall be heard in the land; a rumour shall both come one year, and after that in another year shall come a rumour, and violence in the land, ruler against ruler."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 51:51 "We are confounded, because we have heard reproach: shame hath covered our faces: for strangers are come into the sanctuaries of the LORD's house."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 51:56 "Because the spoiler is come upon her, even upon Babylon, and her mighty men are taken, every one of their bows is broken: for the LORD God of recompences shall surely requite."
Aspect8, Jeremiah 51:60 "So Jeremiah wrote in a book all the evil that should come upon Babylon, even all these words that are written against Babylon."
Aspect8, Lamentations 1:4 "The ways of Zion do mourn, because none come to the solemn feasts: all her gates are desolate: her priests sigh, her virgins are afflicted, and she is in bitterness."
Aspect8, Lamentations 3:47 "Fear and a snare is come upon us, desolation and destruction."
Aspect8, Lamentations 4:14 "They have wandered as blind men in the streets, they have polluted themselves with blood, so that men could not touch their garments."
Aspect8, Lamentations 4:18 "They hunt our steps, that we cannot go in our streets: our end is near, our days are fulfilled; for our end is come."
Aspect8, Lamentations 5:14 "The elders have ceased from the gate, the young men from their musick."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 1:24 "And when they went, I heard the noise of their wings, like the noise of great waters, as the voice of the Almighty, the voice of speech, as the noise of an host: when they stood, they let down their wings."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 7:6 "An end is come, the end is come: it watcheth for thee; behold, it is come."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 7:7 "The morning is come unto thee, O thou that dwellest in the land: the time is come, the day of trouble is near, and not the sounding again of the mountains."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 7:12 "The time is come, the day draweth near: let not the buyer rejoice, nor the seller mourn: for wrath is upon all the multitude thereof."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 7:18 "They shall also gird themselves with sackcloth, and horror shall cover them; and shame shall be upon all faces, and baldness upon all their heads."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 7:26 "Mischief shall come upon mischief, and rumour shall be upon rumour; then shall they seek a vision of the prophet; but the law shall perish from the priest, and counsel from the ancients."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 11:18 "And they shall come thither, and they shall take away all the detestable things thereof and all the abominations thereof from thence."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 12:16 "But I will leave a few men of them from the sword, from the famine, and from the pestilence; that they may declare all their abominations among the heathen whither they come; and they shall know that I am the LORD."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 15:3 "Shall wood be taken thereof to do any work? or will men take a pin of it to hang any vessel thereon?"
Aspect8, Ezekiel 17:4 "He cropped off the top of his young twigs, and carried it into a land of traffick; he set it in a city of merchants."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 21:27 "I will overturn, overturn, overturn, it: and it shall be no more, until he come whose right it is; and I will give it him."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 22:3 "Then say thou, Thus saith the Lord GOD, The city sheddeth blood in the midst of it, that her time may come, and maketh idols against herself to defile herself."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 24:8 "That it might cause fury to come up to take vengeance; I have set her blood upon the top of a rock, that it should not be covered."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 27:29 "And all that handle the oar, the mariners, and all the pilots of the sea, shall come down from their ships, they shall stand upon the land;"
Aspect8, Ezekiel 33:3 "If when he seeth the sword come upon the land, he blow the trumpet, and warn the people;"
Aspect8, Ezekiel 33:4 "Then whosoever heareth the sound of the trumpet, and taketh not warning; if the sword come, and take him away, his blood shall be upon his own head."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 33:5 "He heard the sound of the trumpet, and took not warning; his blood shall be upon him. But he that taketh warning shall deliver his soul."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 33:6 "But if the watchman see the sword come, and blow not the trumpet, and the people be not warned; if the sword come, and take any person from among them, he is taken away in his iniquity; but his blood will I require at the watchman's hand."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 33:33 "And when this cometh to pass, (lo, it will come,) then shall they know that a prophet hath been among them."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 34:22 "Therefore will I save my flock, and they shall no more be a prey; and I will judge between cattle and cattle."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 34:26 "And I will make them and the places round about my hill a blessing; and I will cause the shower to come down in his season; there shall be showers of blessing."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 38:10 "Thus saith the Lord GOD; It shall also come to pass, that at the same time shall things come into thy mind, and thou shalt think an evil thought:"
Aspect8, Ezekiel 38:18 "And it shall come to pass at the same time when Gog shall come against the land of Israel, saith the Lord GOD, that my fury shall come up in my face."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 39:11 "And it shall come to pass in that day, that I will give unto Gog a place there of graves in Israel, the valley of the passengers on the east of the sea: and it shall stop the noses of the passengers: and there shall they bury Gog and all his multitude: and they shall call it The valley of Hamongog."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 39:15 "And the passengers that pass through the land, when any seeth a man's bone, then shall he set up a sign by it, till the buriers have buried it in the valley of Hamongog."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 39:20 "Thus ye shall be filled at my table with horses and chariots, with mighty men, and with all men of war, saith the Lord GOD."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 44:13 "And they shall not come near unto me, to do the office of a priest unto me, nor to come near to any of my holy things, in the most holy place: but they shall bear their shame, and their abominations which they have committed."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 44:17 "And it shall come to pass, that when they enter in at the gates of the inner court, they shall be clothed with linen garments; and no wool shall come upon them, whiles they minister in the gates of the inner court, and within."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 47:2 "Then brought he me out of the way of the gate northward, and led me about the way without unto the utter gate by the way that looketh eastward; and, behold, there ran out waters on the right side."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 47:10 "And it shall come to pass, that the fishers shall stand upon it from Engedi even unto Eneglaim; they shall be a place to spread forth nets; their fish shall be according to their kinds, as the fish of the great sea, exceeding many."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 47:23 "And it shall come to pass, that in what tribe the stranger sojourneth, there shall ye give him his inheritance, saith the Lord GOD."
Aspect8, Ezekiel 48:31 "And the gates of the city shall be after the names of the tribes of Israel: three gates northward; one gate of Reuben, one gate of Judah, one gate of Levi."
Aspect8, Daniel 2:29 "As for thee, O king, thy thoughts came into thy mind upon thy bed, what should come to pass hereafter: and he that revealeth secrets maketh known to thee what shall come to pass."
Aspect8, Daniel 3:7 "Therefore at that time, when all the people heard the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and all kinds of musick, all the people, the nations, and the languages, fell down and worshipped the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up."
Aspect8, Daniel 9:23 "At the beginning of thy supplications the commandment came forth, and I am come to shew thee; for thou art greatly beloved: therefore understand the matter, and consider the vision."
Aspect8, Daniel 9:26 "And after threescore and two weeks shall Messiah be cut off, but not for himself: and the people of the prince that shall come shall destroy the city and the sanctuary; and the end thereof shall be with a flood, and unto the end of the war desolations are determined."
Aspect8, Daniel 10:20 "Then said he, Knowest thou wherefore I come unto thee? and now will I return to fight with the prince of Persia: and when I am gone forth, lo, the prince of Grecia shall come."
Aspect8, Daniel 11:7 "But out of a branch of her roots shall one stand up in his estate, which shall come with an army, and shall enter into the fortress of the king of the north, and shall deal against them, and shall prevail:"
Aspect8, Daniel 11:23 "And after the league made with him he shall work deceitfully: for he shall come up, and shall become strong with a small people."
Aspect8, Daniel 11:40 "And at the time of the end shall the king of the south push at him: and the king of the north shall come against him like a whirlwind, with chariots, and with horsemen, and with many ships; and he shall enter into the countries, and shall overflow and pass over."
Aspect8, Daniel 11:45 "And he shall plant the tabernacles of his palace between the seas in the glorious holy mountain; yet he shall come to his end, and none shall help him."
Aspect8, Daniel 12:11 "And from the time that the daily sacrifice shall be taken away, and the abomination that maketh desolate set up, there shall be a thousand two hundred and ninety days."
Aspect8, Hosea 1:5 "And it shall come to pass at that day, that I will break the bow of Israel, in the valley of Jezreel."
Aspect8, Hosea 6:8 "Gilead is a city of them that work iniquity, and is polluted with blood."
Aspect8, Hosea 9:7 "The days of visitation are come, the days of recompence are come; Israel shall know it: the prophet is a fool, the spiritual man is mad, for the multitude of thine iniquity, and the great hatred."
Aspect8, Hosea 13:6 "According to their pasture, so were they filled; they were filled, and their heart was exalted; therefore have they forgotten me."
Aspect8, Hosea 13:13 "The sorrows of a travailing woman shall come upon him: he is an unwise son; for he should not stay long in the place of the breaking forth of children."
Aspect8, Hosea 13:15 "Though he be fruitful among his brethren, an east wind shall come, the wind of the LORD shall come up from the wilderness, and his spring shall become dry, and his fountain shall be dried up: he shall spoil the treasure of all pleasant vessels."
Aspect8, Joel 1:8 "Lament like a virgin girded with sackcloth for the husband of her youth."
Aspect8, Joel 2:28 "And it shall come to pass afterward, that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, your old men shall dream dreams, your young men shall see visions:"
Aspect8, Joel 3:9 "Proclaim ye this among the Gentiles; Prepare war, wake up the mighty men, let all the men of war draw near; let them come up:"
Aspect8, Joel 3:11 "Assemble yourselves, and come, all ye heathen, and gather yourselves together round about: thither cause thy mighty ones to come down, O LORD."
Aspect8, Joel 3:12 "Let the heathen be wakened, and come up to the valley of Jehoshaphat: for there will I sit to judge all the heathen round about."
Aspect8, Joel 3:15 "The sun and the moon shall be darkened, and the stars shall withdraw their shining."
Aspect8, Joel 3:18 "And it shall come to pass in that day, that the mountains shall drop down new wine, and the hills shall flow with milk, and all the rivers of Judah shall flow with waters, and a fountain shall come forth out of the house of the LORD, and shall water the valley of Shittim."
Aspect8, Amos 4:4 "Come to Bethel, and transgress; at Gilgal multiply transgression; and bring your sacrifices every morning, and your tithes after three years:"
Aspect8, Amos 5:5 "But seek not Bethel, nor enter into Gilgal, and pass not to Beersheba: for Gilgal shall surely go into captivity, and Bethel shall come to nought."
Aspect8, Amos 5:9 "That strengtheneth the spoiled against the strong, so that the spoiled shall come against the fortress."
Aspect8, Amos 6:9 "And it shall come to pass, if there remain ten men in one house, that they shall die."
Aspect8, Amos 9:3 "And though they hide themselves in the top of Carmel, I will search and take them out thence; and though they be hid from my sight in the bottom of the sea, thence will I command the serpent, and he shall bite them:"
Aspect8, Obadiah 1:21 "And saviours shall come up on mount Zion to judge the mount of Esau; and the kingdom shall be the LORD's."
Aspect8, Micah 1:9 "For her wound is incurable; for it is come unto Judah; he is come unto the gate of my people, even to Jerusalem."
Aspect8, Micah 2:13 "The breaker is come up before them: they have broken up, and have passed through the gate, and are gone out by it: and their king shall pass before them, and the LORD on the head of them."
Aspect8, Micah 4:1 "But in the last days it shall come to pass, that the mountain of the house of the LORD shall be established in the top of the mountains, and it shall be exalted above the hills; and people shall flow unto it."
Aspect8, Micah 4:8 "And thou, O tower of the flock, the strong hold of the daughter of Zion, unto thee shall it come, even the first dominion; the kingdom shall come to the daughter of Jerusalem."
Aspect8, Micah 5:5 "And this man shall be the peace, when the Assyrian shall come into our land: and when he shall tread in our palaces, then shall we raise against him seven shepherds, and eight principal men."
Aspect8, Micah 5:10 "And it shall come to pass in that day, saith the LORD, that I will cut off thy horses out of the midst of thee, and I will destroy thy chariots:"
Aspect8, Micah 6:6 "Wherewith shall I come before the LORD, and bow myself before the high God? shall I come before him with burnt offerings, with calves of a year old?"
Aspect8, Nahum 2:3 "The shield of his mighty men is made red, the valiant men are in scarlet: the chariots shall be with flaming torches in the day of his preparation, and the fir trees shall be terribly shaken."
Aspect8, Nahum 2:9 "Take ye the spoil of silver, take the spoil of gold: for there is none end of the store and glory out of all the pleasant furniture."
Aspect8, Habakkuk 1:9 "They shall come all for violence: their faces shall sup up as the east wind, and they shall gather the captivity as the sand."
Aspect8, Habakkuk 2:3 "For the vision is yet for an appointed time, but at the end it shall speak, and not lie: though it tarry, wait for it; because it will surely come, it will not tarry."
Aspect8, Zephaniah 1:8 "And it shall come to pass in the day of the LORD's sacrifice, that I will punish the princes, and the king's children, and all such as are clothed with strange apparel."
Aspect8, Zephaniah 1:10 "And it shall come to pass in that day, saith the LORD, that there shall be the noise of a cry from the fish gate, and an howling from the second, and a great crashing from the hills."
Aspect8, Zephaniah 1:12 "And it shall come to pass at that time, that I will search Jerusalem with candles, and punish the men that are settled on their lees: that say in their heart, The LORD will not do good, neither will he do evil."
Aspect8, Zephaniah 3:1 "Woe to her that is filthy and polluted, to the oppressing city!"
Aspect8, Haggai 1:10 "Therefore the heaven over you is stayed from dew, and the earth is stayed from her fruit."
Aspect8, Haggai 2:7 "And I will shake all nations, and the desire of all nations shall come: and I will fill this house with glory, saith the LORD of hosts."
Aspect8, Zechariah 1:15 "And I am very sore displeased with the heathen that are at ease: for I was but a little displeased, and they helped forward the affliction."
Aspect8, Zechariah 1:21 "Then said I, What come these to do? And he spake, saying, These are the horns which have scattered Judah, so that no man did lift up his head: but these are come to fray them, to cast out the horns of the Gentiles, which lifted up their horn over the land of Judah to scatter it."
Aspect8, Zechariah 6:10 "Take of them of the captivity, even of Heldai, of Tobijah, and of Jedaiah, which are come from Babylon, and come thou the same day, and go into the house of Josiah the son of Zephaniah;"
Aspect8, Zechariah 8:20 "Thus saith the LORD of hosts; It shall yet come to pass, that there shall come people, and the inhabitants of many cities:"
Aspect8, Zechariah 8:23 "Thus saith the LORD of hosts; In those days it shall come to pass, that ten men shall take hold out of all languages of the nations, even shall take hold of the skirt of him that is a Jew, saying, We will go with you: for we have heard that God is with you."
Aspect8, Zechariah 10:5 "And they shall be as mighty men, which tread down their enemies in the mire of the streets in the battle: and they shall fight, because the LORD is with them, and the riders on horses shall be confounded."
Aspect8, Zechariah 12:9 "And it shall come to pass in that day, that I will seek to destroy all the nations that come against Jerusalem."
Aspect8, Zechariah 13:8 "And it shall come to pass, that in all the land, saith the LORD, two parts therein shall be cut off and die; but the third shall be left therein."
Aspect8, Zechariah 14:2 "For I will gather all nations against Jerusalem to battle; and the city shall be taken, and the houses rifled, and the women ravished; and half of the city shall go forth into captivity, and the residue of the people shall not be cut off from the city."
Aspect8, Zechariah 14:6 "And it shall come to pass in that day, that the light shall not be clear, nor dark:"
Aspect8, Zechariah 14:18 "And if the family of Egypt go not up, and come not, that have no rain; there shall be the plague, wherewith the LORD will smite the heathen that come not up to keep the feast of tabernacles."
Aspect8, Zechariah 14:19 "This shall be the punishment of Egypt, and the punishment of all nations that come not up to keep the feast of tabernacles."
Aspect8, Malachi 3:5 "And I will come near to you to judgment; and I will be a swift witness against the sorcerers, and against the adulterers, and against false swearers, and against those that oppress the hireling in his wages, the widow, and the fatherless, and that turn aside the stranger from his right, and fear not me, saith the LORD of hosts."
Aspect8, Matthew 2:6 "And thou Bethlehem, in the land of Juda, art not the least among the princes of Juda: for out of thee shall come a Governor, that shall rule my people Israel."
Aspect8, Matthew 3:7 "But when he saw many of the Pharisees and Sadducees come to his baptism, he said unto them, O generation of vipers, who hath warned you to flee from the wrath to come?"
Aspect8, Matthew 4:5 "Then the devil taketh him up into the holy city, and setteth him on a pinnacle of the temple,"
Aspect8, Matthew 5:17 "Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets: I am not come to destroy, but to fulfil."
Aspect8, Matthew 6:19 "Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth, where moth and rust doth corrupt, and where thieves break through and steal:"
Aspect8, Matthew 7:15 "Beware of false prophets, which come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves."
Aspect8, Matthew 8:1 "When he was come down from the mountain, great multitudes followed him."
Aspect8, Matthew 8:7 "And Jesus saith unto him, I will come and heal him."
Aspect8, Matthew 8:9 "For I am a man under authority, having soldiers under me: and I say to this man, Go, and he goeth; and to another, Come, and he cometh; and to my servant, Do this, and he doeth it."
Aspect8, Matthew 8:11 "And I say unto you, That many shall come from the east and west, and shall sit down with Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob, in the kingdom of heaven."
Aspect8, Matthew 8:16 "When the even was come, they brought unto him many that were possessed with devils: and he cast out the spirits with his word, and healed all that were sick:"
Aspect8, Matthew 8:28 "And when he was come to the other side into the country of the Gergesenes, there met him two possessed with devils, coming out of the tombs, exceeding fierce, so that no man might pass by that way."
Aspect8, Matthew 9:13 "But go ye and learn what that meaneth, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice: for I am not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance."
Aspect8, Matthew 9:28 "And when he was come into the house, the blind men came to him: and Jesus saith unto them, Believe ye that I am able to do this? They said unto him, Yea, Lord."
Aspect8, Matthew 10:12 "And when ye come into an house, salute it."
Aspect8, Matthew 10:13 "And if the house be worthy, let your peace come upon it: but if it be not worthy, let your peace return to you."
Aspect8, Matthew 11:14 "And if ye will receive it, this is Elias, which was for to come."
Aspect8, Matthew 11:28 "Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest."
Aspect8, Matthew 12:44 "Then he saith, I will return into my house from whence I came out; and when he is come, he findeth it empty, swept, and garnished."
Aspect8, Matthew 13:49 "So shall it be at the end of the world: the angels shall come forth, and sever the wicked from among the just,"
Aspect8, Matthew 14:23 "And when he had sent the multitudes away, he went up into a mountain apart to pray: and when the evening was come, he was there alone."
Aspect8, Matthew 14:29 "And he said, Come. And when Peter was come down out of the ship, he walked on the water, to go to Jesus."
Aspect8, Matthew 14:32 "And when they were come into the ship, the wind ceased."
Aspect8, Matthew 15:18 "But those things which proceed out of the mouth come forth from the heart; and they defile the man."
Aspect8, Matthew 15:21 "Then Jesus went thence, and departed into the coasts of Tyre and Sidon."
Aspect8, Matthew 16:5 "And when his disciples were come to the other side, they had forgotten to take bread."
Aspect8, Matthew 17:24 "And when they were come to Capernaum, they that received tribute money came to Peter, and said, Doth not your master pay tribute?"
Aspect8, Matthew 17:25 "He saith, Yes. And when he was come into the house, Jesus prevented him, saying, What thinkest thou, Simon? of whom do the kings of the earth take custom or tribute? of their own children, or of strangers?"
Aspect8, Matthew 19:14 "But Jesus said, Suffer little children, and forbid them not, to come unto me: for of such is the kingdom of heaven."
Aspect8, Matthew 21:10 "And when he was come into Jerusalem, all the city was moved, saying, Who is this?"
Aspect8, Matthew 21:18 "Now in the morning as he returned into the city, he hungered."
Aspect8, Matthew 21:38 "But when the husbandmen saw the son, they said among themselves, This is the heir; come, let us kill him, and let us seize on his inheritance."
Aspect8, Matthew 22:3 "And sent forth his servants to call them that were bidden to the wedding: and they would not come."
Aspect8, Matthew 24:14 "And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations; and then shall the end come."
Aspect8, Matthew 24:17 "Let him which is on the housetop not come down to take any thing out of his house:"
Aspect8, Matthew 24:42 "Watch therefore: for ye know not what hour your Lord doth come."
Aspect8, Matthew 24:43 "But know this, that if the goodman of the house had known in what watch the thief would come, he would have watched, and would not have suffered his house to be broken up."
Aspect8, Matthew 24:50 "The lord of that servant shall come in a day when he looketh not for him, and in an hour that he is not aware of,"
Aspect8, Matthew 25:2 "And five of them were wise, and five were foolish."
Aspect8, Matthew 25:34 "Then shall the King say unto them on his right hand, Come, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world:"
Aspect8, Matthew 26:56 "But all this was done, that the scriptures of the prophets might be fulfilled. Then all the disciples forsook him, and fled."
Aspect8, Matthew 27:1 "When the morning was come, all the chief priests and elders of the people took counsel against Jesus to put him to death:"
Aspect8, Matthew 27:7 "And they took counsel, and bought with them the potter's field, to bury strangers in."
Aspect8, Matthew 27:33 "And when they were come unto a place called Golgotha, that is to say, a place of a skull,"
Aspect8, Matthew 27:42 "He saved others; himself he cannot save. If he be the King of Israel, let him now come down from the cross, and we will believe him."
Aspect8, Matthew 27:49 "The rest said, Let be, let us see whether Elias will come to save him."
Aspect8, Matthew 28:11 "Now when they were going, behold, some of the watch came into the city, and shewed unto the chief priests all the things that were done."
Aspect8, Matthew 28:14 "And if this come to the governor's ears, we will persuade him, and secure you."
Aspect8, Mark 1:29 "And forthwith, when they were come out of the synagogue, they entered into the house of Simon and Andrew, with James and John."
Aspect8, Mark 2:4 "And when they could not come nigh unto him for the press, they uncovered the roof where he was: and when they had broken it up, they let down the bed wherein the sick of the palsy lay."
Aspect8, Mark 2:6 "But there was certain of the scribes sitting there, and reasoning in their hearts,"
Aspect8, Mark 3:8 "And from Jerusalem, and from Idumaea, and from beyond Jordan; and they about Tyre and Sidon, a great multitude, when they had heard what great things he did, came unto him."
Aspect8, Mark 4:22 "For there is nothing hid, which shall not be manifested; neither was any thing kept secret, but that it should come abroad."
Aspect8, Mark 4:29 "But when the fruit is brought forth, immediately he putteth in the sickle, because the harvest is come."
Aspect8, Mark 5:2 "And when he was come out of the ship, immediately there met him out of the tombs a man with an unclean spirit,"
Aspect8, Mark 5:18 "And when he was come into the ship, he that had been possessed with the devil prayed him that he might be with him."
Aspect8, Mark 5:38 "And he cometh to the house of the ruler of the synagogue, and seeth the tumult, and them that wept and wailed greatly."
Aspect8, Mark 5:39 "And when he was come in, he saith unto them, Why make ye this ado, and weep? the damsel is not dead, but sleepeth."
Aspect8, Mark 6:21 "And when a convenient day was come, that Herod on his birthday made a supper to his lords, high captains, and chief estates of Galilee;"
Aspect8, Mark 6:47 "And when even was come, the ship was in the midst of the sea, and he alone on the land."
Aspect8, Mark 6:54 "And when they were come out of the ship, straightway they knew him,"
Aspect8, Mark 7:4 "And when they come from the market, except they wash, they eat not. And many other things there be, which they have received to hold, as the washing of cups, and pots, brasen vessels, and of tables."
Aspect8, Mark 7:15 "There is nothing from without a man, that entering into him can defile him: but the things which come out of him, those are they that defile the man."
Aspect8, Mark 7:23 "All these evil things come from within, and defile the man."
Aspect8, Mark 9:28 "And when he was come into the house, his disciples asked him privately, Why could not we cast him out?"
Aspect8, Mark 10:27 "And Jesus looking upon them saith, With men it is impossible, but not with God: for with God all things are possible."
Aspect8, Mark 10:30 "But he shall receive an hundredfold now in this time, houses, and brethren, and sisters, and mothers, and children, and lands, with persecutions; and in the world to come eternal life."
Aspect8, Mark 11:11 "And Jesus entered into Jerusalem, and into the temple: and when he had looked round about upon all things, and now the eventide was come, he went out unto Bethany with the twelve."
Aspect8, Mark 11:12 "And on the morrow, when they were come from Bethany, he was hungry:"
Aspect8, Mark 11:15 "And they come to Jerusalem: and Jesus went into the temple, and began to cast out them that sold and bought in the temple, and overthrew the tables of the moneychangers, and the seats of them that sold doves;"
Aspect8, Mark 11:19 "And when even was come, he went out of the city."
Aspect8, Mark 11:27 "And they come again to Jerusalem: and as he was walking in the temple, there come to him the chief priests, and the scribes, and the elders,"
Aspect8, Mark 12:7 "But those husbandmen said among themselves, This is the heir; come, let us kill him, and the inheritance shall be our's."
Aspect8, Mark 14:35 "And he went forward a little, and fell on the ground, and prayed that, if it were possible, the hour might pass from him."
Aspect8, Mark 14:45 "And as soon as he was come, he goeth straightway to him, and saith, Master, master; and kissed him."
Aspect8, Mark 15:28 "And the scripture was fulfilled, which saith, And he was numbered with the transgressors."
Aspect8, Mark 15:30 "Save thyself, and come down from the cross."
Aspect8, Mark 15:33 "And when the sixth hour was come, there was darkness over the whole land until the ninth hour."
Aspect8, Mark 15:42 "And now when the even was come, because it was the preparation, that is, the day before the sabbath,"
Aspect8, Mark 16:1 "And when the sabbath was past, Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James, and Salome, had bought sweet spices, that they might come and anoint him."
Aspect8, Luke 2:2 "(And this taxing was first made when Cyrenius was governor of Syria.)"
Aspect8, Luke 2:4 "And Joseph also went up from Galilee, out of the city of Nazareth, into Judaea, unto the city of David, which is called Bethlehem; (because he was of the house and lineage of David:)"
Aspect8, Luke 3:15 "And as the people were in expectation, and all men mused in their hearts of John, whether he were the Christ, or not;"
Aspect8, Luke 4:29 "And rose up, and thrust him out of the city, and led him unto the brow of the hill whereon their city was built, that they might cast him down headlong."
Aspect8, Luke 5:7 "And they beckoned unto their partners, which were in the other ship, that they should come and help them. And they came, and filled both the ships, so that they began to sink."
Aspect8, Luke 7:3 "And when he heard of Jesus, he sent unto him the elders of the Jews, beseeching him that he would come and heal his servant."
Aspect8, Luke 7:7 "Wherefore neither thought I myself worthy to come unto thee: but say in a word, and my servant shall be healed."
Aspect8, Luke 8:4 "And when much people were gathered together, and were come to him out of every city, he spake by a parable:"
Aspect8, Luke 8:17 "For nothing is secret, that shall not be made manifest; neither any thing hid, that shall not be known and come abroad."
Aspect8, Luke 8:23 "But as they sailed he fell asleep: and there came down a storm of wind on the lake; and they were filled with water, and were in jeopardy."
Aspect8, Luke 8:26 "And they arrived at the country of the Gadarenes, which is over against Galilee."
Aspect8, Luke 8:29 "(For he had commanded the unclean spirit to come out of the man. For oftentimes it had caught him: and he was kept bound with chains and in fetters; and he brake the bands, and was driven of the devil into the wilderness.)"
Aspect8, Luke 9:23 "And he said to them all, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross daily, and follow me."
Aspect8, Luke 9:37 "And it came to pass, that on the next day, when they were come down from the hill, much people met him."
Aspect8, Luke 9:51 "And it came to pass, when the time was come that he should be received up, he stedfastly set his face to go to Jerusalem,"
Aspect8, Luke 9:56 "For the Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them. And they went to another village."
Aspect8, Luke 10:11 "Even the very dust of your city, which cleaveth on us, we do wipe off against you: notwithstanding be ye sure of this, that the kingdom of God is come nigh unto you."
Aspect8, Luke 10:14 "But it shall be more tolerable for Tyre and Sidon at the judgment, than for you."
Aspect8, Luke 11:6 "For a friend of mine in his journey is come to me, and I have nothing to set before him?"
Aspect8, Luke 11:20 "But if I with the finger of God cast out devils, no doubt the kingdom of God is come upon you."
Aspect8, Luke 11:22 "But when a stronger than he shall come upon him, and overcome him, he taketh from him all his armour wherein he trusted, and divideth his spoils."
Aspect8, Luke 12:38 "And if he shall come in the second watch, or come in the third watch, and find them so, blessed are those servants."
Aspect8, Luke 12:39 "And this know, that if the goodman of the house had known what hour the thief would come, he would have watched, and not have suffered his house to be broken through."
Aspect8, Luke 12:46 "The lord of that servant will come in a day when he looketh not for him, and at an hour when he is not aware, and will cut him in sunder, and will appoint him his portion with the unbelievers."
Aspect8, Luke 12:49 "I am come to send fire on the earth; and what will I, if it be already kindled?"
Aspect8, Luke 12:51 "Suppose ye that I am come to give peace on earth? I tell you, Nay; but rather division:"
Aspect8, Luke 14:17 "And sent his servant at supper time to say to them that were bidden, Come; for all things are now ready."
Aspect8, Luke 16:26 "And beside all this, between us and you there is a great gulf fixed: so that they which would pass from hence to you cannot; neither can they pass to us, that would come from thence."
Aspect8, Luke 17:1 "Then said he unto the disciples, It is impossible but that offences will come: but woe unto him, through whom they come!"
Aspect8, Luke 17:7 "But which of you, having a servant plowing or feeding cattle, will say unto him by and by, when he is come from the field, Go and sit down to meat?"
Aspect8, Luke 17:31 "In that day, he which shall be upon the housetop, and his stuff in the house, let him not come down to take it away: and he that is in the field, let him likewise not return back."
Aspect8, Luke 18:30 "Who shall not receive manifold more in this present time, and in the world to come life everlasting."
Aspect8, Luke 18:40 "And Jesus stood, and commanded him to be brought unto him: and when he was come near, he asked him,"
Aspect8, Luke 19:41 "And when he was come near, he beheld the city, and wept over it,"
Aspect8, Luke 20:4 "The baptism of John, was it from heaven, or of men?"
Aspect8, Luke 20:14 "But when the husbandmen saw him, they reasoned among themselves, saying, This is the heir: come, let us kill him, that the inheritance may be ours."
Aspect8, Luke 20:16 "He shall come and destroy these husbandmen, and shall give the vineyard to others. And when they heard it, they said, God forbid."
Aspect8, Luke 20:20 "And they watched him, and sent forth spies, which should feign themselves just men, that they might take hold of his words, that so they might deliver him unto the power and authority of the governor."
Aspect8, Luke 21:13 "And it shall turn to you for a testimony."
Aspect8, Luke 21:28 "And when these things begin to come to pass, then look up, and lift up your heads; for your redemption draweth nigh."
Aspect8, Luke 21:34 "And take heed to yourselves, lest at any time your hearts be overcharged with surfeiting, and drunkenness, and cares of this life, and so that day come upon you unawares."
Aspect8, Luke 22:14 "And when the hour was come, he sat down, and the twelve apostles with him."
Aspect8, Luke 22:45 "And when he rose up from prayer, and was come to his disciples, he found them sleeping for sorrow,"
Aspect8, Luke 22:52 "Then Jesus said unto the chief priests, and captains of the temple, and the elders, which were come to him, Be ye come out, as against a thief, with swords and staves?"
Aspect8, Luke 23:6 "When Pilate heard of Galilee, he asked whether the man were a Galilaean."
Aspect8, Luke 23:33 "And when they were come to the place, which is called Calvary, there they crucified him, and the malefactors, one on the right hand, and the other on the left."
Aspect8, Luke 24:4 "And it came to pass, as they were much perplexed thereabout, behold, two men stood by them in shining garments:"
Aspect8, Luke 24:12 "Then arose Peter, and ran unto the sepulchre; and stooping down, he beheld the linen clothes laid by themselves, and departed, wondering in himself at that which was come to pass."
Aspect8, John 1:31 "And I knew him not: but that he should be made manifest to Israel, therefore am I come baptizing with water."
Aspect8, John 1:39 "He saith unto them, Come and see. They came and saw where he dwelt, and abode with him that day: for it was about the tenth hour."
Aspect8, John 1:44 "Now Philip was of Bethsaida, the city of Andrew and Peter."
Aspect8, John 2:7 "Jesus saith unto them, Fill the waterpots with water. And they filled them up to the brim."
Aspect8, John 2:25 "And needed not that any should testify of man: for he knew what was in man."
Aspect8, John 4:16 "Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither."
Aspect8, John 4:28 "The woman then left her waterpot, and went her way into the city, and saith to the men,"
Aspect8, John 4:29 "Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?"
Aspect8, John 4:40 "So when the Samaritans were come unto him, they besought him that he would tarry with them: and he abode there two days."
Aspect8, John 4:43 "Now after two days he departed thence, and went into Galilee."
Aspect8, John 4:47 "When he heard that Jesus was come out of Judaea into Galilee, he went unto him, and besought him that he would come down, and heal his son: for he was at the point of death."
Aspect8, John 4:49 "The nobleman saith unto him, Sir, come down ere my child die."
Aspect8, John 4:54 "This is again the second miracle that Jesus did, when he was come out of Judaea into Galilee."
Aspect8, John 5:6 "When Jesus saw him lie, and knew that he had been now a long time in that case, he saith unto him, Wilt thou be made whole?"
Aspect8, John 5:43 "I am come in my Father's name, and ye receive me not: if another shall come in his own name, him ye will receive."
Aspect8, John 6:14 "Then those men, when they had seen the miracle that Jesus did, said, This is of a truth that prophet that should come into the world."
Aspect8, John 6:15 "When Jesus therefore perceived that they would come and take him by force, to make him a king, he departed again into a mountain himself alone."
Aspect8, John 6:16 "And when even was now come, his disciples went down unto the sea,"
Aspect8, John 6:17 "And entered into a ship, and went over the sea toward Capernaum. And it was now dark, and Jesus was not come to them."
Aspect8, John 6:37 "All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out."
Aspect8, John 6:44 "No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day."
Aspect8, John 6:64 "But there are some of you that believe not. For Jesus knew from the beginning who they were that believed not, and who should betray him."
Aspect8, John 7:6 "Then Jesus said unto them, My time is not yet come: but your time is alway ready."
Aspect8, John 11:30 "Now Jesus was not yet come into the town, but was in that place where Martha met him."
Aspect8, John 11:35 "Jesus wept."
Aspect8, John 11:43 "And when he thus had spoken, he cried with a loud voice, Lazarus, come forth."
Aspect8, John 11:48 "If we let him thus alone, all men will believe on him: and the Romans shall come and take away both our place and nation."
Aspect8, John 11:57 "Now both the chief priests and the Pharisees had given a commandment, that, if any man knew where he were, he should shew it, that they might take him."
Aspect8, John 12:12 "On the next day much people that were come to the feast, when they heard that Jesus was coming to Jerusalem,"
Aspect8, John 12:45 "And he that seeth me seeth him that sent me."
Aspect8, John 13:1 "Now before the feast of the passover, when Jesus knew that his hour was come that he should depart out of this world unto the Father, having loved his own which were in the world, he loved them unto the end."
Aspect8, John 13:3 "Jesus knowing that the Father had given all things into his hands, and that he was come from God, and went to God;"
Aspect8, John 13:19 "Now I tell you before it come, that, when it is come to pass, ye may believe that I am he."
Aspect8, John 14:18 "I will not leave you comfortless: I will come to you."
Aspect8, John 14:29 "And now I have told you before it come to pass, that, when it is come to pass, ye might believe."
Aspect8, John 16:8 "And when he is come, he will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of judgment:"
Aspect8, John 16:13 "Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come."
Aspect8, John 17:13 "And now come I to thee; and these things I speak in the world, that they might have my joy fulfilled in themselves."
Aspect8, John 19:28 "After this, Jesus knowing that all things were now accomplished, that the scripture might be fulfilled, saith, I thirst."
Aspect8, John 21:4 "But when the morning was now come, Jesus stood on the shore: but the disciples knew not that it was Jesus."
Aspect8, John 21:9 "As soon then as they were come to land, they saw a fire of coals there, and fish laid thereon, and bread."
Aspect8, John 21:12 "Jesus saith unto them, Come and dine. And none of the disciples durst ask him, Who art thou? knowing that it was the Lord."
Aspect8, Acts 1:4 "And, being assembled together with them, commanded them that they should not depart from Jerusalem, but wait for the promise of the Father, which, saith he, ye have heard of me."
Aspect8, Acts 1:6 "When they therefore were come together, they asked of him, saying, Lord, wilt thou at this time restore again the kingdom to Israel?"
Aspect8, Acts 1:10 "And while they looked stedfastly toward heaven as he went up, behold, two men stood by them in white apparel;"
Aspect8, Acts 1:13 "And when they were come in, they went up into an upper room, where abode both Peter, and James, and John, and Andrew, Philip, and Thomas, Bartholomew, and Matthew, James the son of Alphaeus, and Simon Zelotes, and Judas the brother of James."
Aspect8, Acts 2:1 "And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place."
Aspect8, Acts 2:17 "And it shall come to pass in the last days, saith God, I will pour out of my Spirit upon all flesh: and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall dream dreams:"
Aspect8, Acts 2:21 "And it shall come to pass, that whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be saved."
Aspect8, Acts 3:10 "And they knew that it was he which sat for alms at the Beautiful gate of the temple: and they were filled with wonder and amazement at that which had happened unto him."
Aspect8, Acts 4:4 "Howbeit many of them which heard the word believed; and the number of the men was about five thousand."
Aspect8, Acts 4:21 "So when they had further threatened them, they let them go, finding nothing how they might punish them, because of the people: for all men glorified God for that which was done."
Aspect8, Acts 7:7 "And the nation to whom they shall be in bondage will I judge, said God: and after that shall they come forth, and serve me in this place."
Aspect8, Acts 7:17 "But when the time of the promise drew nigh, which God had sworn to Abraham, the people grew and multiplied in Egypt,"
Aspect8, Acts 7:34 "I have seen, I have seen the affliction of my people which is in Egypt, and I have heard their groaning, and am come down to deliver them. And now come, I will send thee into Egypt."
Aspect8, Acts 8:8 "And there was great joy in that city."
Aspect8, Acts 8:15 "Who, when they were come down, prayed for them, that they might receive the Holy Ghost:"
Aspect8, Acts 8:27 "And he arose and went: and, behold, a man of Ethiopia, an eunuch of great authority under Candace queen of the Ethiopians, who had the charge of all her treasure, and had come to Jerusalem for to worship,"
Aspect8, Acts 9:7 "And the men which journeyed with him stood speechless, hearing a voice, but seeing no man."
Aspect8, Acts 9:26 "And when Saul was come to Jerusalem, he assayed to join himself to the disciples: but they were all afraid of him, and believed not that he was a disciple."
Aspect8, Acts 9:38 "And forasmuch as Lydda was nigh to Joppa, and the disciples had heard that Peter was there, they sent unto him two men, desiring him that he would not delay to come to them."
Aspect8, Acts 9:39 "Then Peter arose and went with them. When he was come, they brought him into the upper chamber: and all the widows stood by him weeping, and shewing the coats and garments which Dorcas made, while she was with them."
Aspect8, Acts 10:21 "Then Peter went down to the men which were sent unto him from Cornelius; and said, Behold, I am he whom ye seek: what is the cause wherefore ye are come?"
Aspect8, Acts 11:2 "And when Peter was come up to Jerusalem, they that were of the circumcision contended with him,"
Aspect8, Acts 11:20 "And some of them were men of Cyprus and Cyrene, which, when they were come to Antioch, spake unto the Grecians, preaching the LORD Jesus."
Aspect8, Acts 11:25 "Then departed Barnabas to Tarsus, for to seek Saul:"
Aspect8, Acts 13:40 "Beware therefore, lest that come upon you, which is spoken of in the prophets;"
Aspect8, Acts 13:50 "But the Jews stirred up the devout and honourable women, and the chief men of the city, and raised persecution against Paul and Barnabas, and expelled them out of their coasts."
Aspect8, Acts 13:52 "And the disciples were filled with joy, and with the Holy Ghost."
Aspect8, Acts 14:11 "And when the people saw what Paul had done, they lifted up their voices, saying in the speech of Lycaonia, The gods are come down to us in the likeness of men."
Aspect8, Acts 15:4 "And when they were come to Jerusalem, they were received of the church, and of the apostles and elders, and they declared all things that God had done with them."
Aspect8, Acts 15:9 "And put no difference between us and them, purifying their hearts by faith."
Aspect8, Acts 15:22 "Then pleased it the apostles and elders with the whole church, to send chosen men of their own company to Antioch with Paul and Barnabas; namely, Judas surnamed Barsabas and Silas, chief men among the brethren:"
Aspect8, Acts 16:7 "After they were come to Mysia, they assayed to go into Bithynia: but the Spirit suffered them not."
Aspect8, Acts 16:12 "And from thence to Philippi, which is the chief city of that part of Macedonia, and a colony: and we were in that city abiding certain days."
Aspect8, Acts 16:20 "And brought them to the magistrates, saying, These men, being Jews, do exceedingly trouble our city,"
Aspect8, Acts 17:16 "Now while Paul waited for them at Athens, his spirit was stirred in him, when he saw the city wholly given to idolatry."
Aspect8, Acts 18:2 "And found a certain Jew named Aquila, born in Pontus, lately come from Italy, with his wife Priscilla; (because that Claudius had commanded all Jews to depart from Rome:) and came unto them."
Aspect8, Acts 18:5 "And when Silas and Timotheus were come from Macedonia, Paul was pressed in the spirit, and testified to the Jews that Jesus was Christ."
Aspect8, Acts 19:29 "And the whole city was filled with confusion: and having caught Gaius and Aristarchus, men of Macedonia, Paul's companions in travel, they rushed with one accord into the theatre."
Aspect8, Acts 19:32 "Some therefore cried one thing, and some another: for the assembly was confused: and the more part knew not wherefore they were come together."
Aspect8, Acts 20:18 "And when they were come to him, he said unto them, Ye know, from the first day that I came into Asia, after what manner I have been with you at all seasons,"
Aspect8, Acts 20:37 "And they all wept sore, and fell on Paul's neck, and kissed him,"
Aspect8, Acts 21:17 "And when we were come to Jerusalem, the brethren received us gladly."
Aspect8, Acts 21:22 "What is it therefore? the multitude must needs come together: for they will hear that thou art come."
Aspect8, Acts 22:6 "And it came to pass, that, as I made my journey, and was come nigh unto Damascus about noon, suddenly there shone from heaven a great light round about me."
Aspect8, Acts 22:17 "And it came to pass, that, when I was come again to Jerusalem, even while I prayed in the temple, I was in a trance;"
Aspect8, Acts 24:22 "And when Felix heard these things, having more perfect knowledge of that way, he deferred them, and said, When Lysias the chief captain shall come down, I will know the uttermost of your matter."
Aspect8, Acts 24:23 "And he commanded a centurion to keep Paul, and to let him have liberty, and that he should forbid none of his acquaintance to minister or come unto him."
Aspect8, Acts 25:1 "Now when Festus was come into the province, after three days he ascended from Caesarea to Jerusalem."
Aspect8, Acts 25:20 "And because I doubted of such manner of questions, I asked him whether he would go to Jerusalem, and there be judged of these matters."
Aspect8, Acts 25:23 "And on the morrow, when Agrippa was come, and Bernice, with great pomp, and was entered into the place of hearing, with the chief captains, and principal men of the city, at Festus' commandment Paul was brought forth."
Aspect8, Acts 27:7 "And when we had sailed slowly many days, and scarce were come over against Cnidus, the wind not suffering us, we sailed under Crete, over against Salmone;"
Aspect8, Acts 27:8 "And, hardly passing it, came unto a place which is called The fair havens; nigh whereunto was the city of Lasea."
Aspect8, Acts 27:16 "And running under a certain island which is called Clauda, we had much work to come by the boat:"
Aspect8, Acts 27:27 "But when the fourteenth night was come, as we were driven up and down in Adria, about midnight the shipmen deemed that they drew near to some country;"
Aspect8, Acts 28:17 "And it came to pass, that after three days Paul called the chief of the Jews together: and when they were come together, he said unto them, Men and brethren, though I have committed nothing against the people, or customs of our fathers, yet was I delivered prisoner from Jerusalem into the hands of the Romans."
Aspect8, Romans 1:10 "Making request, if by any means now at length I might have a prosperous journey by the will of God to come unto you."
Aspect8, Romans 1:18 "For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men, who hold the truth in unrighteousness;"
Aspect8, Romans 3:23 "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;"
Aspect8, Romans 3:26 "To declare, I say, at this time his righteousness: that he might be just, and the justifier of him which believeth in Jesus."
Aspect8, Romans 5:14 "Nevertheless death reigned from Adam to Moses, even over them that had not sinned after the similitude of Adam's transgression, who is the figure of him that was to come."
Aspect8, Romans 7:12 "Wherefore the law is holy, and the commandment holy, and just, and good."
Aspect8, Romans 8:27 "And he that searcheth the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the Spirit, because he maketh intercession for the saints according to the will of God."
Aspect8, Romans 9:9 "For this is the word of promise, At this time will I come, and Sarah shall have a son."
Aspect8, Romans 10:11 "For the scripture saith, Whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed."
Aspect8, Romans 11:26 "And so all Israel shall be saved: as it is written, There shall come out of Sion the Deliverer, and shall turn away ungodliness from Jacob:"
Aspect8, Romans 12:18 "If it be possible, as much as lieth in you, live peaceably with all men."
Aspect8, Romans 15:23 "But now having no more place in these parts, and having a great desire these many years to come unto you;"
Aspect8, Romans 15:24 "Whensoever I take my journey into Spain, I will come to you: for I trust to see you in my journey, and to be brought on my way thitherward by you, if first I be somewhat filled with your company."
Aspect8, Romans 15:28 "When therefore I have performed this, and have sealed to them this fruit, I will come by you into Spain."
Aspect8, Romans 15:29 "And I am sure that, when I come unto you, I shall come in the fulness of the blessing of the gospel of Christ."
Aspect8, 1 Corinthians 2:4 "And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man's wisdom, but in demonstration of the Spirit and of power:"
Aspect8, 1 Corinthians 4:18 "Now some are puffed up, as though I would not come to you."
Aspect8, 1 Corinthians 4:19 "But I will come to you shortly, if the Lord will, and will know, not the speech of them which are puffed up, but the power."
Aspect8, 1 Corinthians 4:21 "What will ye? shall I come unto you with a rod, or in love, and in the spirit of meekness?"
Aspect8, 1 Corinthians 7:30 "And they that weep, as though they wept not; and they that rejoice, as though they rejoiced not; and they that buy, as though they possessed not;"
Aspect8, 1 Corinthians 10:11 "Now all these things happened unto them for ensamples: and they are written for our admonition, upon whom the ends of the world are come."
Aspect8, 1 Corinthians 11:17 "Now in this that I declare unto you I praise you not, that ye come together not for the better, but for the worse."
Aspect8, 1 Corinthians 11:34 "And if any man hunger, let him eat at home; that ye come not together unto condemnation. And the rest will I set in order when I come."
Aspect8, 1 Corinthians 13:8 "Charity never faileth: but whether there be prophecies, they shall fail; whether there be tongues, they shall cease; whether there be knowledge, it shall vanish away."
Aspect8, 1 Corinthians 13:10 "But when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away."
Aspect8, 1 Corinthians 14:23 "If therefore the whole church be come together into one place, and all speak with tongues, and there come in those that are unlearned, or unbelievers, will they not say that ye are mad?"
Aspect8, 1 Corinthians 14:24 "But if all prophesy, and there come in one that believeth not, or one unlearned, he is convinced of all, he is judged of all:"
Aspect8, 1 Corinthians 15:32 "If after the manner of men I have fought with beasts at Ephesus, what advantageth it me, if the dead rise not? let us eat and drink; for to morrow we die."
Aspect8, 1 Corinthians 15:35 "But some man will say, How are the dead raised up? and with what body do they come?"
Aspect8, 1 Corinthians 16:5 "Now I will come unto you, when I shall pass through Macedonia: for I do pass through Macedonia."
Aspect8, 1 Corinthians 16:12 "As touching our brother Apollos, I greatly desired him to come unto you with the brethren: but his will was not at all to come at this time; but he will come when he shall have convenient time."
Aspect8, 2 Corinthians 2:1 "But I determined this with myself, that I would not come again to you in heaviness."
Aspect8, 2 Corinthians 3:12 "Seeing then that we have such hope, we use great plainness of speech:"
Aspect8, 2 Corinthians 5:13 "For whether we be beside ourselves, it is to God: or whether we be sober, it is for your cause."
Aspect8, 2 Corinthians 7:4 "Great is my boldness of speech toward you, great is my glorying of you: I am filled with comfort, I am exceeding joyful in all our tribulation."
Aspect8, 2 Corinthians 9:4 "Lest haply if they of Macedonia come with me, and find you unprepared, we (that we say not, ye) should be ashamed in this same confident boasting."
Aspect8, 2 Corinthians 10:6 "And having in a readiness to revenge all disobedience, when your obedience is fulfilled."
Aspect8, 2 Corinthians 10:10 "For his letters, say they, are weighty and powerful; but his bodily presence is weak, and his speech contemptible."
Aspect8, 2 Corinthians 10:14 "For we stretch not ourselves beyond our measure, as though we reached not unto you: for we are come as far as to you also in preaching the gospel of Christ:"
Aspect8, 2 Corinthians 12:3 "And I knew such a man, (whether in the body, or out of the body, I cannot tell: God knoweth;)"
Aspect8, 2 Corinthians 12:14 "Behold, the third time I am ready to come to you; and I will not be burdensome to you: for I seek not your's but you: for the children ought not to lay up for the parents, but the parents for the children."
Aspect8, 2 Corinthians 12:21 "And lest, when I come again, my God will humble me among you, and that I shall bewail many which have sinned already, and have not repented of the uncleanness and fornication and lasciviousness which they have committed."
Aspect8, Galatians 2:11 "But when Peter was come to Antioch, I withstood him to the face, because he was to be blamed."
Aspect8, Galatians 2:12 "For before that certain came from James, he did eat with the Gentiles: but when they were come, he withdrew and separated himself, fearing them which were of the circumcision."
Aspect8, Galatians 2:21 "I do not frustrate the grace of God: for if righteousness come by the law, then Christ is dead in vain."
Aspect8, Galatians 3:14 "That the blessing of Abraham might come on the Gentiles through Jesus Christ; that we might receive the promise of the Spirit through faith."
Aspect8, Galatians 3:25 "But after that faith is come, we are no longer under a schoolmaster."
Aspect8, Galatians 4:4 "But when the fulness of the time was come, God sent forth his Son, made of a woman, made under the law,"
Aspect8, Ephesians 2:7 "That in the ages to come he might shew the exceeding riches of his grace in his kindness toward us through Christ Jesus."
Aspect8, Colossians 1:6 "Which is come unto you, as it is in all the world; and bringeth forth fruit, as it doth also in you, since the day ye heard of it, and knew the grace of God in truth:"
Aspect8, Colossians 2:17 "Which are a shadow of things to come; but the body is of Christ."
Aspect8, 1 Thessalonians 1:10 "And to wait for his Son from heaven, whom he raised from the dead, even Jesus, which delivered us from the wrath to come."
Aspect8, 1 Thessalonians 2:4 "But as we were allowed of God to be put in trust with the gospel, even so we speak; not as pleasing men, but God, which trieth our hearts."
Aspect8, 1 Thessalonians 2:16 "Forbidding us to speak to the Gentiles that they might be saved, to fill up their sins alway: for the wrath is come upon them to the uttermost."
Aspect8, 1 Thessalonians 2:18 "Wherefore we would have come unto you, even I Paul, once and again; but Satan hindered us."
Aspect8, 1 Thessalonians 5:14 "Now we exhort you, brethren, warn them that are unruly, comfort the feebleminded, support the weak, be patient toward all men."
Aspect8, 2 Thessalonians 1:10 "When he shall come to be glorified in his saints, and to be admired in all them that believe (because our testimony among you was believed) in that day."
Aspect8, 2 Thessalonians 2:3 "Let no man deceive you by any means: for that day shall not come, except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition;"
Aspect8, 1 Timothy 1:9 "Knowing this, that the law is not made for a righteous man, but for the lawless and disobedient, for the ungodly and for sinners, for unholy and profane, for murderers of fathers and murderers of mothers, for manslayers,"
Aspect8, 1 Timothy 4:8 "For bodily exercise profiteth little: but godliness is profitable unto all things, having promise of the life that now is, and of that which is to come."
Aspect8, 1 Timothy 4:13 "Till I come, give attendance to reading, to exhortation, to doctrine."
Aspect8, 1 Timothy 5:9 "Let not a widow be taken into the number under threescore years old, having been the wife of one man."
Aspect8, 1 Timothy 5:11 "But the younger widows refuse: for when they have begun to wax wanton against Christ, they will marry;"
Aspect8, 2 Timothy 2:23 "But foolish and unlearned questions avoid, knowing that they do gender strifes."
Aspect8, 2 Timothy 2:25 "In meekness instructing those that oppose themselves; if God peradventure will give them repentance to the acknowledging of the truth;"
Aspect8, 2 Timothy 3:7 "Ever learning, and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth."
Aspect8, 2 Timothy 4:3 "For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine; but after their own lusts shall they heap to themselves teachers, having itching ears;"
Aspect8, 2 Timothy 4:9 "Do thy diligence to come shortly unto me:"
Aspect8, Titus 1:8 "But a lover of hospitality, a lover of good men, sober, just, holy, temperate;"
Aspect8, Titus 1:14 "Not giving heed to Jewish fables, and commandments of men, that turn from the truth."
Aspect8, Hebrews 3:8 "Harden not your hearts, as in the provocation, in the day of temptation in the wilderness:"
Aspect8, Hebrews 4:1 "Let us therefore fear, lest, a promise being left us of entering into his rest, any of you should seem to come short of it."
Aspect8, Hebrews 4:16 "Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time of need."
Aspect8, Hebrews 6:5 "And have tasted the good word of God, and the powers of the world to come,"
Aspect8, Hebrews 7:5 "And verily they that are of the sons of Levi, who receive the office of the priesthood, have a commandment to take tithes of the people according to the law, that is, of their brethren, though they come out of the loins of Abraham:"
Aspect8, Hebrews 9:9 "Which was a figure for the time then present, in which were offered both gifts and sacrifices, that could not make him that did the service perfect, as pertaining to the conscience;"
Aspect8, Hebrews 9:11 "But Christ being come an high priest of good things to come, by a greater and more perfect tabernacle, not made with hands, that is to say, not of this building;"
Aspect8, Hebrews 10:37 "For yet a little while, and he that shall come will come, and will not tarry."
Aspect8, Hebrews 12:23 "To the general assembly and church of the firstborn, which are written in heaven, and to God the Judge of all, and to the spirits of just men made perfect,"
Aspect8, Hebrews 13:14 "For here have we no continuing city, but we seek one to come."
Aspect8, Hebrews 13:23 "Know ye that our brother Timothy is set at liberty; with whom, if he come shortly, I will see you."
Aspect8, James 2:2 "For if there come unto your assembly a man with a gold ring, in goodly apparel, and there come in also a poor man in vile raiment;"
Aspect8, James 4:1 "From whence come wars and fightings among you? come they not hence, even of your lusts that war in your members?"
Aspect8, James 5:1 "Go to now, ye rich men, weep and howl for your miseries that shall come upon you."
Aspect8, 1 Peter 1:10 "Of which salvation the prophets have enquired and searched diligently, who prophesied of the grace that should come unto you:"
Aspect8, 1 Peter 2:10 "Which in time past were not a people, but are now the people of God: which had not obtained mercy, but now have obtained mercy."
Aspect8, 1 Peter 4:2 "That he no longer should live the rest of his time in the flesh to the lusts of men, but to the will of God."
Aspect8, 1 Peter 4:15 "But let none of you suffer as a murderer, or as a thief, or as an evildoer, or as a busybody in other men's matters."
Aspect8, 2 Peter 3:3 "Knowing this first, that there shall come in the last days scoffers, walking after their own lusts,"
Aspect8, 1 John 2:4 "He that saith, I know him, and keepeth not his commandments, is a liar, and the truth is not in him."
Aspect8, 1 John 2:18 "Little children, it is the last time: and as ye have heard that antichrist shall come, even now are there many antichrists; whereby we know that it is the last time."
Aspect8, 1 John 3:19 "And hereby we know that we are of the truth, and shall assure our hearts before him."
Aspect8, 1 John 4:3 "And every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God: and this is that spirit of antichrist, whereof ye have heard that it should come; and even now already is it in the world."
Aspect8, 2 John 1:7 "For many deceivers are entered into the world, who confess not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh. This is a deceiver and an antichrist."
Aspect8, Jude 1:16 "These are murmurers, complainers, walking after their own lusts; and their mouth speaketh great swelling words, having men's persons in admiration because of advantage."
Aspect8, Revelation 1:4 "John to the seven churches which are in Asia: Grace be unto you, and peace, from him which is, and which was, and which is to come; and from the seven Spirits which are before his throne;"
Aspect8, Revelation 1:8 "I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saith the Lord, which is, and which was, and which is to come, the Almighty."
Aspect8, Revelation 2:25 "But that which ye have already hold fast till I come."
Aspect8, Revelation 6:5 "And when he had opened the third seal, I heard the third beast say, Come and see. And I beheld, and lo a black horse; and he that sat on him had a pair of balances in his hand."
Aspect8, Revelation 6:7 "And when he had opened the fourth seal, I heard the voice of the fourth beast say, Come and see."
Aspect8, Revelation 6:17 "For the great day of his wrath is come; and who shall be able to stand?"
Aspect8, Revelation 7:5 "Of the tribe of Juda were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Reuben were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Gad were sealed twelve thousand."
Aspect8, Revelation 7:7 "Of the tribe of Simeon were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Levi were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Issachar were sealed twelve thousand."
Aspect8, Revelation 9:12 "One woe is past; and, behold, there come two woes more hereafter."
Aspect8, Revelation 9:16 "And the number of the army of the horsemen were two hundred thousand thousand: and I heard the number of them."
Aspect8, Revelation 13:13 "And he doeth great wonders, so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men,"
Aspect8, Revelation 14:10 "The same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation; and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels, and in the presence of the Lamb:"
Aspect8, Revelation 16:15 "Behold, I come as a thief. Blessed is he that watcheth, and keepeth his garments, lest he walk naked, and they see his shame."
Aspect8, Revelation 16:21 "And there fell upon men a great hail out of heaven, every stone about the weight of a talent: and men blasphemed God because of the plague of the hail; for the plague thereof was exceeding great."
Aspect8, Revelation 18:1 "And after these things I saw another angel come down from heaven, having great power; and the earth was lightened with his glory."
Aspect8, Revelation 18:10 "Standing afar off for the fear of her torment, saying, Alas, alas that great city Babylon, that mighty city! for in one hour is thy judgment come."
Aspect8, Revelation 18:17 "For in one hour so great riches is come to nought. And every shipmaster, and all the company in ships, and sailors, and as many as trade by sea, stood afar off,"
Aspect8, Revelation 19:7 "Let us be glad and rejoice, and give honour to him: for the marriage of the Lamb is come, and his wife hath made herself ready."
Aspect8, Revelation 20:1 "And I saw an angel come down from heaven, having the key of the bottomless pit and a great chain in his hand."
Aspect8, Revelation 21:2 "And I John saw the holy city, new Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband."
Aspect8, Revelation 21:19 "And the foundations of the wall of the city were garnished with all manner of precious stones. The first foundation was jasper; the second, sapphire; the third, a chalcedony; the fourth, an emerald;"
Aspect8, Revelation 22:17 "And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely."
Aspect8, Revelation 22:19 "And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book."
Aspect8, Revelation 22:20 "He which testifieth these things saith, Surely I come quickly. Amen. Even so, come, Lord Jesus."
