Aspect1, Genesis 2:1 "Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of them."
Aspect1, Genesis 2:25 "And they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed."
Aspect1, Genesis 4:18 "And unto Enoch was born Irad: and Irad begat Mehujael: and Mehujael begat Methusael: and Methusael begat Lamech."
Aspect1, Genesis 6:4 "There were giants in the earth in those days; and also after that, when the sons of God came in unto the daughters of men, and they bare children to them, the same became mighty men which were of old, men of renown."
Aspect1, Genesis 6:20 "Of fowls after their kind, and of cattle after their kind, of every creeping thing of the earth after his kind, two of every sort shall come unto thee, to keep them alive."
Aspect1, Genesis 6:22 "Thus did Noah; according to all that God commanded him, so did he."
Aspect1, Genesis 7:14 "They, and every beast after his kind, and all the cattle after their kind, and every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth after his kind, and every fowl after his kind, every bird of every sort."
Aspect1, Genesis 7:19 "And the waters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth; and all the high hills, that were under the whole heaven, were covered."
Aspect1, Genesis 10:3 "And the sons of Gomer; Ashkenaz, and Riphath, and Togarmah."
Aspect1, Genesis 10:4 "And the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim."
Aspect1, Genesis 12:4 "So Abram departed, as the LORD had spoken unto him; and Lot went with him: and Abram was seventy and five years old when he departed out of Haran."
Aspect1, Genesis 13:10 "And Lot lifted up his eyes, and beheld all the plain of Jordan, that it was well watered every where, before the LORD destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah, even as the garden of the LORD, like the land of Egypt, as thou comest unto Zoar."
Aspect1, Genesis 13:18 "Then Abram removed his tent, and came and dwelt in the plain of Mamre, which is in Hebron, and built there an altar unto the LORD."
Aspect1, Genesis 14:10 "And the vale of Siddim was full of slime pits; and the kings of Sodom and Gomorrah fled, and fell there; and they that remained fled to the mountain."
Aspect1, Genesis 14:19 "And he blessed him, and said, Blessed be Abram of the most high God, possessor of heaven and earth:"
Aspect1, Genesis 14:20 "And blessed be the most high God, which hath delivered thine enemies into thy hand. And he gave him tithes of all."
Aspect1, Genesis 14:23 "That I will not take from a thread even to a shoelatchet, and that I will not take any thing that is thine, lest thou shouldest say, I have made Abram rich:"
Aspect1, Genesis 15:13 "And he said unto Abram, Know of a surety that thy seed shall be a stranger in a land that is not theirs, and shall serve them; and they shall afflict them four hundred years;"
Aspect1, Genesis 15:16 "But in the fourth generation they shall come hither again: for the iniquity of the Amorites is not yet full."
Aspect1, Genesis 16:3 "And Sarai Abram's wife took Hagar her maid the Egyptian, after Abram had dwelt ten years in the land of Canaan, and gave her to her husband Abram to be his wife."
Aspect1, Genesis 16:14 "Wherefore the well was called Beerlahairoi; behold, it is between Kadesh and Bered."
Aspect1, Genesis 17:23 "And Abraham took Ishmael his son, and all that were born in his house, and all that were bought with his money, every male among the men of Abraham's house; and circumcised the flesh of their foreskin in the selfsame day, as God had said unto him."
Aspect1, Genesis 17:27 "And all the men of his house, born in the house, and bought with money of the stranger, were circumcised with him."
Aspect1, Genesis 18:18 "Seeing that Abraham shall surely become a great and mighty nation, and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him?"
Aspect1, Genesis 19:3 "And he pressed upon them greatly; and they turned in unto him, and entered into his house; and he made them a feast, and did bake unleavened bread, and they did eat."
Aspect1, Genesis 19:26 "But his wife looked back from behind him, and she became a pillar of salt."
Aspect1, Genesis 19:30 "And Lot went up out of Zoar, and dwelt in the mountain, and his two daughters with him; for he feared to dwell in Zoar: and he dwelt in a cave, he and his two daughters."
Aspect1, Genesis 20:3 "But God came to Abimelech in a dream by night, and said to him, Behold, thou art but a dead man, for the woman which thou hast taken; for she is a man's wife."
Aspect1, Genesis 20:11 "And Abraham said, Because I thought, Surely the fear of God is not in this place; and they will slay me for my wife's sake."
Aspect1, Genesis 21:15 "And the water was spent in the bottle, and she cast the child under one of the shrubs."
Aspect1, Genesis 21:20 "And God was with the lad; and he grew, and dwelt in the wilderness, and became an archer."
Aspect1, Genesis 21:21 "And he dwelt in the wilderness of Paran: and his mother took him a wife out of the land of Egypt."
Aspect1, Genesis 21:25 "And Abraham reproved Abimelech because of a well of water, which Abimelech's servants had violently taken away."
Aspect1, Genesis 21:26 "And Abimelech said, I wot not who hath done this thing; neither didst thou tell me, neither yet heard I of it, but to day."
Aspect1, Genesis 21:34 "And Abraham sojourned in the Philistines' land many days."
Aspect1, Genesis 23:17 "And the field of Ephron which was in Machpelah, which was before Mamre, the field, and the cave which was therein, and all the trees that were in the field, that were in all the borders round about, were made sure"
Aspect1, Genesis 25:8 "Then Abraham gave up the ghost, and died in a good old age, an old man, and full of years; and was gathered to his people."
Aspect1, Genesis 27:33 "And Isaac trembled very exceedingly, and said, Who? where is he that hath taken venison, and brought it me, and I have eaten of all before thou camest, and have blessed him? yea, and he shall be blessed."
Aspect1, Genesis 29:1 "Then Jacob went on his journey, and came into the land of the people of the east."
Aspect1, Genesis 29:2 "And he looked, and behold a well in the field, and, lo, there were three flocks of sheep lying by it; for out of that well they watered the flocks: and a great stone was upon the well's mouth."
Aspect1, Genesis 29:3 "And thither were all the flocks gathered: and they rolled the stone from the well's mouth, and watered the sheep, and put the stone again upon the well's mouth in his place."
Aspect1, Genesis 29:7 "And he said, Lo, it is yet high day, neither is it time that the cattle should be gathered together: water ye the sheep, and go and feed them."
Aspect1, Genesis 29:8 "And they said, We cannot, until all the flocks be gathered together, and till they roll the stone from the well's mouth; then we water the sheep."
Aspect1, Genesis 29:16 "And Laban had two daughters: the name of the elder was Leah, and the name of the younger was Rachel."
Aspect1, Genesis 29:17 "Leah was tender eyed; but Rachel was beautiful and well favored."
Aspect1, Genesis 29:22 "And Laban gathered together all the men of the place, and made a feast."
Aspect1, Genesis 30:4 "And she gave him Bilhah her handmaid to wife: and Jacob went in unto her."
Aspect1, Genesis 30:13 "And Leah said, Happy am I, for the daughters will call me blessed: and she called his name Asher."
Aspect1, Genesis 31:2 "And Jacob beheld the countenance of Laban, and, behold, it was not toward him as before."
Aspect1, Genesis 31:8 "If he said thus, The speckled shall be thy wages; then all the cattle bare speckled: and if he said thus, The ring-streaked shall be thy hire; then bare all the cattle ring-streaked."
Aspect1, Genesis 31:19 "And Laban went to shear his sheep: and Rachel had stolen the images that were her father's."
Aspect1, Genesis 31:27 "Wherefore didst thou flee away secretly, and steal away from me; and didst not tell me, that I might have sent thee away with mirth, and with songs, with tabret, and with harp?"
Aspect1, Genesis 31:33 "And Laban went into Jacob's tent, and into Leah's tent, and into the two maidservants' tents; but he found them not. Then went he out of Leah's tent, and entered into Rachel's tent."
Aspect1, Genesis 31:39 "That which was torn of beasts I brought not unto thee; I bare the loss of it; of my hand didst thou require it, whether stolen by day, or stolen by night."
Aspect1, Genesis 31:41 "Thus have I been twenty years in thy house; I served thee fourteen years for thy two daughters, and six years for thy cattle: and thou hast changed my wages ten times."
Aspect1, Genesis 31:55 "And early in the morning Laban rose up, and kissed his sons and his daughters, and blessed them: and Laban departed, and returned unto his place."
Aspect1, Genesis 32:21 "So went the present over before him: and himself lodged that night in the company."
Aspect1, Genesis 34:12 "Ask me never so much dowry and gift, and I will give according as ye shall say unto me: but give me the damsel to wife."
Aspect1, Genesis 34:16 "Then will we give our daughters unto you, and we will take your daughters to us, and we will dwell with you, and we will become one people."
Aspect1, Genesis 35:13 "And God went up from him in the place where he talked with him."
Aspect1, Genesis 36:8 "Thus dwelt Esau in mount Seir: Esau is Edom."
Aspect1, Genesis 37:5 "And Joseph dreamed a dream, and he told it his brethren: and they hated him yet the more."
Aspect1, Genesis 37:24 "And they took him, and cast him into a pit: and the pit was empty, there was no water in it."
Aspect1, Genesis 37:25 "And they sat down to eat bread: and they lifted up their eyes and looked, and, behold, a company of Ishmaelites came from Gilead with their camels bearing spicery and balm and myrrh, going to carry it down to Egypt."
Aspect1, Genesis 38:14 "And she put her widow's garments off from her, and covered her with a vail, and wrapped herself, and sat in an open place, which is by the way to Timnath; for she saw that Shelah was grown, and she was not given unto him to wife."
Aspect1, Genesis 40:3 "And he put them in ward in the house of the captain of the guard, into the prison, the place where Joseph was bound."
Aspect1, Genesis 41:11 "And we dreamed a dream in one night, I and he; we dreamed each man according to the interpretation of his dream."
Aspect1, Genesis 41:22 "And I saw in my dream, and, behold, seven ears came up in one stalk, full and good:"
Aspect1, Genesis 42:25 "Then Joseph commanded to fill their sacks with corn, and to restore every man's money into his sack, and to give them provision for the way: and thus did he unto them."
Aspect1, Genesis 42:27 "And as one of them opened his sack to give his ass provender in the inn, he espied his money; for, behold, it was in his sack's mouth."
Aspect1, Genesis 43:24 "And the man brought the men into Joseph's house, and gave them water, and they washed their feet; and he gave their asses provender."
Aspect1, Genesis 43:33 "And they sat before him, the firstborn according to his birthright, and the youngest according to his youth: and the men marveled one at another."
Aspect1, Genesis 44:1 "And he commanded the steward of his house, saying, Fill the men's sacks with food, as much as they can carry, and put every man's money in his sack's mouth."
Aspect1, Genesis 44:12 "And he searched, and began at the eldest, and left at the youngest: and the cup was found in Benjamin's sack."
Aspect1, Genesis 45:7 "And God sent me before you to preserve you a posterity in the earth, and to save your lives by a great deliverance."
Aspect1, Genesis 45:21 "And the children of Israel did so: and Joseph gave them wagons, according to the commandment of Pharaoh, and gave them provision for the way."
Aspect1, Genesis 46:27 "And the sons of Joseph, which were born him in Egypt, were two souls: all the souls of the house of Jacob, which came into Egypt, were threescore and ten."
Aspect1, Genesis 47:10 "And Jacob blessed Pharaoh, and went out from before Pharaoh."
Aspect1, Genesis 47:22 "Only the land of the priests bought he not; for the priests had a portion assigned them of Pharaoh, and did eat their portion which Pharaoh gave them: wherefore they sold not their lands."
Aspect1, Genesis 47:23 "Then Joseph said unto the people, Behold, I have bought you this day and your land for Pharaoh: lo, here is seed for you, and ye shall sow the land."
Aspect1, Genesis 47:26 "And Joseph made it a law over the land of Egypt unto this day, that Pharaoh should have the fifth part, except the land of the priests only, which became not Pharaoh's."
Aspect1, Genesis 49:26 "The blessings of thy father have prevailed above the blessings of my progenitors unto the utmost bound of the everlasting hills: they shall be on the head of Joseph, and on the crown of the head of him that was separate from his brethren."
Aspect1, Genesis 49:27 "Benjamin shall raven as a wolf: in the morning he shall devour the prey, and at night he shall divide the spoil."
Aspect1, Genesis 49:28 "All these are the twelve tribes of Israel: and this is it that their father spake unto them, and blessed them; every one according to his blessing he blessed them."
Aspect1, Genesis 50:8 "And all the house of Joseph, and his brethren, and his father's house: only their little ones, and their flocks, and their herds, they left in the land of Goshen."
Aspect1, Genesis 50:22 "And Joseph dwelt in Egypt, he, and his father's house: and Joseph lived an hundred and ten years."
Aspect1, Exodus 1:5 "And all the souls that came out of the loins of Jacob were seventy souls: for Joseph was in Egypt already."
Aspect1, Exodus 2:15 "Now when Pharaoh heard this thing, he sought to slay Moses. But Moses fled from the face of Pharaoh, and dwelt in the land of Midian: and he sat down by a well."
Aspect1, Exodus 8:2 "And if thou refuse to let them go, behold, I will smite all thy borders with frogs:"
Aspect1, Exodus 9:2 "For if thou refuse to let them go, and wilt hold them still,"
Aspect1, Exodus 9:9 "And it shall become small dust in all the land of Egypt, and shall be a boil breaking forth with blains upon man, and upon beast, throughout all the land of Egypt."
Aspect1, Exodus 9:25 "And the hail smote throughout all the land of Egypt all that was in the field, both man and beast; and the hail smote every herb of the field, and brake every tree of the field."
Aspect1, Exodus 11:2 "Speak now in the ears of the people, and let every man borrow of his neighbor, and every woman of her neighbor, jewels of silver and jewels of gold."
Aspect1, Exodus 11:6 "And there shall be a great cry throughout all the land of Egypt, such as there was none like it, nor shall be like it any more."
Aspect1, Exodus 12:4 "And if the household be too little for the lamb, let him and his neighbor next unto his house take it according to the number of the souls; every man according to his eating shall make your count for the lamb."
Aspect1, Exodus 13:20 "And they took their journey from Succoth, and encamped in Etham, in the edge of the wilderness."
Aspect1, Exodus 15:10 "Thou didst blow with thy wind, the sea covered them: they sank as lead in the mighty waters."
Aspect1, Exodus 15:16 "Fear and dread shall fall upon them; by the greatness of thine arm they shall be as still as a stone; till thy people pass over, O LORD, till the people pass over, which thou hast purchased."
Aspect1, Exodus 15:27 "And they came to Elim, where were twelve wells of water, and threescore and ten palm trees: and they encamped there by the waters."
Aspect1, Exodus 16:27 "And it came to pass, that there went out some of the people on the seventh day for to gather, and they found none."
Aspect1, Exodus 16:31 "And the house of Israel called the name thereof Manna: and it was like coriander seed, white; and the taste of it was like wafers made with honey."
Aspect1, Exodus 18:13 "And it came to pass on the morrow, that Moses sat to judge the people: and the people stood by Moses from the morning unto the evening."
Aspect1, Exodus 21:3 "If he came in by himself, he shall go out by himself: if he were married, then his wife shall go out with him."
Aspect1, Exodus 21:18 "And if men strive together, and one smite another with a stone, or with his fist, and he die not, but keepeth his bed:"
Aspect1, Exodus 21:33 "And if a man shall open a pit, or if a man shall dig a pit, and not cover it, and an ox or an ass fall therein;"
Aspect1, Exodus 22:2 "If a thief be found breaking up, and be smitten that he die, there shall no blood be shed for him."
Aspect1, Exodus 23:26 "There shall nothing cast their young, nor be barren, in thy land: the number of thy days I will fulfil."
Aspect1, Exodus 26:24 "And they shall be coupled together beneath, and they shall be coupled together above the head of it unto one ring: thus shall it be for them both; they shall be for the two corners."
Aspect1, Exodus 27:12 "And for the breadth of the court on the west side shall be hangings of fifty cubits: their pillars ten, and their sockets ten."
Aspect1, Exodus 30:13 "This they shall give, every one that passeth among them that are numbered, half a shekel after the shekel of the sanctuary: (a shekel is twenty gerahs:) an half shekel shall be the offering of the LORD."
Aspect1, Exodus 32:12 "Wherefore should the Egyptians speak, and say, For mischief did he bring them out, to slay them in the mountains, and to consume them from the face of the earth? Turn from thy fierce wrath, and repent of this evil against thy people."
Aspect1, Exodus 36:4 "And all the wise men, that wrought all the work of the sanctuary, came every man from his work which they made;"
Aspect1, Exodus 36:18 "And he made fifty taches of brass to couple the tent together, that it might be one."
Aspect1, Exodus 37:2 "And he overlaid it with pure gold within and without, and made a crown of gold to it round about."
Aspect1, Exodus 38:12 "And for the west side were hangings of fifty cubits, their pillars ten, and their sockets ten; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets of silver."
Aspect1, Exodus 38:20 "And all the pins of the tabernacle, and of the court round about, were of brass."
Aspect1, Exodus 38:26 "A bekah for every man, that is, half a shekel, after the shekel of the sanctuary, for every one that went to be numbered, from twenty years old and upward, for six hundred thousand and three thousand and five hundred and fifty men."
Aspect1, Exodus 38:29 "And the brass of the offering was seventy talents, and two thousand and four hundred shekels."
Aspect1, Exodus 39:23 "And there was an hole in the midst of the robe, as the hole of an habergeon, with a band round about the hole, that it should not rend."
Aspect1, Exodus 39:25 "And they made bells of pure gold, and put the bells between the pomegranates upon the hem of the robe, round about between the pomegranates;"
Aspect1, Leviticus 5:4 "Or if a soul swear, pronouncing with his lips to do evil, or to do good, whatsoever it be that a man shall pronounce with an oath, and it be hid from him; when he knoweth of it, then he shall be guilty in one of these."
Aspect1, Leviticus 11:15 "Every raven after his kind;"
Aspect1, Leviticus 11:21 "Yet these may ye eat of every flying creeping thing that goeth upon all four, which have legs above their feet, to leap withal upon the earth;"
Aspect1, Leviticus 11:22 "Even these of them ye may eat; the locust after his kind, and the bald locust after his kind, and the beetle after his kind, and the grasshopper after his kind."
Aspect1, Leviticus 11:35 "And every thing whereupon any part of their carcass falleth shall be unclean; whether it be oven, or ranges for pots, they shall be broken down: for they are unclean and shall be unclean unto you."
Aspect1, Leviticus 13:22 "And if it spread much abroad in the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is a plague."
Aspect1, Leviticus 13:27 "And the priest shall look upon him the seventh day: and if it be spread much abroad in the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is the plague of leprosy."
Aspect1, Leviticus 13:44 "He is a leprous man, he is unclean: the priest shall pronounce him utterly unclean; his plague is in his head."
Aspect1, Leviticus 13:45 "And the leper in whom the plague is, his clothes shall be rent, and his head bare, and he shall put a covering upon his upper lip, and shall cry, Unclean, unclean."
Aspect1, Leviticus 13:46 "All the days wherein the plague shall be in him he shall be defiled; he is unclean: he shall dwell alone; without the camp shall his habitation be."
Aspect1, Leviticus 13:56 "And if the priest look, and, behold, the plague be somewhat dark after the washing of it; then he shall rend it out of the garment, or out of the skin, or out of the warp, or out of the woof:"
Aspect1, Leviticus 14:2 "This shall be the law of the leper in the day of his cleansing: He shall be brought unto the priest:"
Aspect1, Leviticus 14:22 "And two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, such as he is able to get; and the one shall be a sin offering, and the other a burnt offering."
Aspect1, Leviticus 14:41 "And he shall cause the house to be scraped within round about, and they shall pour out the dust that they scrape off without the city into an unclean place:"
Aspect1, Leviticus 14:42 "And they shall take other stones, and put them in the place of those stones; and he shall take other mortar, and shall plaster the house."
Aspect1, Leviticus 15:4 "Every bed, whereon he lieth that hath the issue, is unclean: and every thing, whereon he sitteth, shall be unclean."
Aspect1, Leviticus 15:6 "And he that sitteth on any thing whereon he sat that hath the issue shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even."
Aspect1, Leviticus 15:17 "And every garment, and every skin, whereon is the seed of copulation, shall be washed with water, and be unclean until the even."
Aspect1, Leviticus 15:20 "And every thing that she lieth upon in her separation shall be unclean: every thing also that she sitteth upon shall be unclean."
Aspect1, Leviticus 15:22 "And whosoever toucheth any thing that she sat upon shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even."
Aspect1, Leviticus 15:23 "And if it be on her bed, or on any thing whereon she sitteth, when he toucheth it, he shall be unclean until the even."
Aspect1, Leviticus 15:26 "Every bed whereon she lieth all the days of her issue shall be unto her as the bed of her separation: and whatsoever she sitteth upon shall be unclean, as the uncleanness of her separation."
Aspect1, Leviticus 19:29 "Do not prostitute thy daughter, to cause her to be a whore; lest the land fall to whoredom, and the land become full of wickedness."
Aspect1, Leviticus 20:14 "And if a man take a wife and her mother, it is wickedness: they shall be burnt with fire, both he and they; that there be no wickedness among you."
Aspect1, Leviticus 20:21 "And if a man shall take his brother's wife, it is an unclean thing: he hath uncovered his brother's nakedness; they shall be childless."
Aspect1, Leviticus 21:13 "And he shall take a wife in her virginity."
Aspect1, Leviticus 22:10 "There shall no stranger eat of the holy thing: a sojourner of the priest, or an hired servant, shall not eat of the holy thing."
Aspect1, Leviticus 22:11 "But if the priest buy any soul with his money, he shall eat of it, and he that is born in his house: they shall eat of his meat."
Aspect1, Leviticus 23:43 "That your generations may know that I made the children of Israel to dwell in booths, when I brought them out of the land of Egypt: I am the LORD your God."
Aspect1, Leviticus 26:5 "And your threshing shall reach unto the vintage, and the vintage shall reach unto the sowing time: and ye shall eat your bread to the full, and dwell in your land safely."
Aspect1, Leviticus 26:8 "And five of you shall chase an hundred, and an hundred of you shall put ten thousand to flight: and your enemies shall fall before you by the sword."
Aspect1, Numbers 2:21 "And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were thirty and two thousand and two hundred."
Aspect1, Numbers 2:26 "And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were threescore and two thousand and seven hundred."
Aspect1, Numbers 2:30 "And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were fifty and three thousand and four hundred."
Aspect1, Numbers 4:36 "And those that were numbered of them by their families were two thousand seven hundred and fifty."
Aspect1, Numbers 5:2 "Command the children of Israel, that they put out of the camp every leper, and every one that hath an issue, and whosoever is defiled by the dead:"
Aspect1, Numbers 5:17 "And the priest shall take holy water in an earthen vessel; and of the dust that is in the floor of the tabernacle the priest shall take, and put it into the water:"
Aspect1, Numbers 5:18 "And the priest shall set the woman before the LORD, and uncover the woman's head, and put the offering of memorial in her hands, which is the jealousy offering: and the priest shall have in his hand the bitter water that causeth the curse:"
Aspect1, Numbers 5:24 "And he shall cause the woman to drink the bitter water that causeth the curse: and the water that causeth the curse shall enter into her, and become bitter."
Aspect1, Numbers 6:4 "All the days of his separation shall he eat nothing that is made of the vine tree, from the kernels even to the husk."
Aspect1, Numbers 6:9 "And if any man die very suddenly by him, and he hath defiled the head of his consecration; then he shall shave his head in the day of his cleansing, on the seventh day shall he shave it."
Aspect1, Numbers 7:14 "One spoon of ten shekels of gold, full of incense:"
Aspect1, Numbers 7:20 "One spoon of gold of ten shekels, full of incense:"
Aspect1, Numbers 7:26 "One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:"
Aspect1, Numbers 7:32 "One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:"
Aspect1, Numbers 7:38 "One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:"
Aspect1, Numbers 7:44 "One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:"
Aspect1, Numbers 7:50 "One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:"
Aspect1, Numbers 7:56 "One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:"
Aspect1, Numbers 7:62 "One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:"
Aspect1, Numbers 7:68 "One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:"
Aspect1, Numbers 7:74 "One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:"
Aspect1, Numbers 7:80 "One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:"
Aspect1, Numbers 11:24 "And Moses went out, and told the people the words of the LORD, and gathered the seventy men of the elders of the people, and set them round about the tabernacle."
Aspect1, Numbers 11:32 "And the people stood up all that day, and all that night, and all the next day, and they gathered the quails: he that gathered least gathered ten homers: and they spread them all abroad for themselves round about the camp."
Aspect1, Numbers 12:8 "With him will I speak mouth to mouth, even apparently, and not in dark speeches; and the similitude of the LORD shall he behold: wherefore then were ye not afraid to speak against my servant Moses?"
Aspect1, Numbers 13:18 "And see the land, what it is, and the people that dwelleth therein, whether they be strong or weak, few or many;"
Aspect1, Numbers 13:32 "And they brought up an evil report of the land which they had searched unto the children of Israel, saying, The land, through which we have gone to search it, is a land that eateth up the inhabitants thereof; and all the people that we saw in it are men of a great stature."
Aspect1, Numbers 14:1 "And all the congregation lifted up their voice, and cried; and the people wept that night."
Aspect1, Numbers 14:22 "Because all those men which have seen my glory, and my miracles, which I did in Egypt and in the wilderness, and have tempted me now these ten times, and have not hearkened to my voice;"
Aspect1, Numbers 16:6 "This do; Take you censers, Korah, and all his company;"
Aspect1, Numbers 16:13 "Is it a small thing that thou hast brought us up out of a land that floweth with milk and honey, to kill us in the wilderness, except thou make thyself altogether a prince over us?"
Aspect1, Numbers 18:14 "Every thing devoted in Israel shall be thine."
Aspect1, Numbers 19:6 "And the priest shall take cedar wood, and hyssop, and scarlet, and cast it into the midst of the burning of the heifer."
Aspect1, Numbers 19:21 "And it shall be a perpetual statute unto them, that he that sprinkleth the water of separation shall wash his clothes; and he that toucheth the water of separation shall be unclean until even."
Aspect1, Numbers 20:21 "Thus Edom refused to give Israel passage through his border: wherefore Israel turned away from him."
Aspect1, Numbers 21:5 "And the people spake against God, and against Moses, Wherefore have ye brought us up out of Egypt to die in the wilderness? for there is no bread, neither is there any water; and our soul loatheth this light bread."
Aspect1, Numbers 21:31 "Thus Israel dwelt in the land of the Amorites."
Aspect1, Numbers 22:3 "And Moab was sore afraid of the people, because they were many: and Moab was distressed because of the children of Israel."
Aspect1, Numbers 22:6 "Come now therefore, I pray thee, curse me this people; for they are too mighty for me: peradventure I shall prevail, that we may smite them, and that I may drive them out of the land: for I wot that he whom thou blessest is blessed, and he whom thou cursest is cursed."
Aspect1, Numbers 23:9 "For from the top of the rocks I see him, and from the hills I behold him: lo, the people shall dwell alone, and shall not be reckoned among the nations."
Aspect1, Numbers 23:20 "Behold, I have received commandment to bless: and he hath blessed; and I cannot reverse it."
Aspect1, Numbers 24:7 "He shall pour the water out of his buckets, and his seed shall be in many waters, and his king shall be higher than Agag, and his kingdom shall be exalted."
Aspect1, Numbers 25:17 "Vex the Midianites, and smite them:"
Aspect1, Numbers 26:10 "And the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed them up together with Korah, when that company died, what time the fire devoured two hundred and fifty men: and they became a sign."
Aspect1, Numbers 26:34 "These are the families of Manasseh, and those that were numbered of them, fifty and two thousand and seven hundred."
Aspect1, Numbers 26:49 "Of Jezer, the family of the Jezerites: of Shillem, the family of the Shillemites."
Aspect1, Numbers 31:5 "So there were delivered out of the thousands of Israel, a thousand of every tribe, twelve thousand armed for war."
Aspect1, Numbers 31:14 "And Moses was wroth with the officers of the host, with the captains over thousands, and captains over hundreds, which came from the battle."
Aspect1, Numbers 33:6 "And they departed from Succoth, and pitched in Etham, which is in the edge of the wilderness."
Aspect1, Numbers 33:7 "And they removed from Etham, and turned again unto Pihahiroth, which is before Baalzephon: and they pitched before Migdol."
Aspect1, Numbers 33:8 "And they departed from before Pihahiroth, and passed through the midst of the sea into the wilderness, and went three days' journey in the wilderness of Etham, and pitched in Marah."
Aspect1, Numbers 33:33 "And they went from Horhagidgad, and pitched in Jotbathah."
Aspect1, Numbers 35:19 "The revenger of blood himself shall slay the murderer: when he meeteth him, he shall slay him."
Aspect1, Numbers 35:20 "But if he thrust him of hatred, or hurl at him by laying of wait, that he die;"
Aspect1, Numbers 35:22 "But if he thrust him suddenly without enmity, or have cast upon him any thing without laying of wait,"
Aspect1, Numbers 35:23 "Or with any stone, wherewith a man may die, seeing him not, and cast it upon him, that he die, and was not his enemy, neither sought his harm:"
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 1:24 "And they turned and went up into the mountain, and came unto the valley of Eshcol, and searched it out."
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 2:10 "The Emims dwelt therein in times past, a people great, and many, and tall, as the Anakims;"
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 2:16 "So it came to pass, when all the men of war were consumed and dead from among the people,"
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 2:20 "(That also was accounted a land of giants: giants dwelt therein in old time; and the Ammonites call them Zamzummims;"
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 3:9 "(Which Hermon the Sidonians call Sirion; and the Amorites call it Shenir;)"
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 4:11 "And ye came near and stood under the mountain; and the mountain burned with fire unto the midst of heaven, with darkness, clouds, and thick darkness."
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 8:12 "Lest when thou hast eaten and art full, and hast built goodly houses, and dwelt therein;"
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 11:24 "Every place whereon the soles of your feet shall tread shall be yours: from the wilderness and Lebanon, from the river, the river Euphrates, even unto the uttermost sea shall your coast be."
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 11:26 "Behold, I set before you this day a blessing and a curse;"
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 13:11 "And all Israel shall hear, and fear, and shall do no more any such wickedness as this is among you."
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 14:7 "Nevertheless these ye shall not eat of them that chew the cud, or of them that divide the cloven hoof; as the camel, and the hare, and the coney: for they chew the cud, but divide not the hoof; therefore they are unclean unto you."
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 14:14 "And every raven after his kind,"
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 16:17 "Every man shall give as he is able, according to the blessing of the LORD thy God which he hath given thee."
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 20:5 "And the officers shall speak unto the people, saying, What man is there that hath built a new house, and hath not dedicated it? let him go and return to his house, lest he die in the battle, and another man dedicate it."
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 21:13 "And she shall put the raiment of her captivity from off her, and shall remain in thine house, and bewail her father and her mother a full month: and after that thou shalt go in unto her, and be her husband, and she shall be thy wife."
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 25:8 "Then the elders of his city shall call him, and speak unto him: and if he stand to it, and say, I like not to take her;"
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 26:12 "When thou hast made an end of tithing all the tithes of thine increase the third year, which is the year of tithing, and hast given it unto the Levite, the stranger, the fatherless, and the widow, that they may eat within thy gates, and be filled;"
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 27:16 "Cursed be he that setteth light by his father or his mother. And all the people shall say, Amen."
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 27:18 "Cursed be he that maketh the blind to wander out of the way. And all the people shall say, Amen."
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 27:23 "Cursed be he that lieth with his mother in law. And all the people shall say, Amen."
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 27:24 "Cursed be he that smiteth his neighbor secretly. And all the people shall say, Amen."
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 27:26 "Cursed be he that confirmeth not all the words of this law to do them. And all the people shall say, Amen."
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 28:50 "A nation of fierce countenance, which shall not regard the person of the old, nor show favor to the young:"
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 31:12 "Gather the people together, men and women, and children, and thy stranger that is within thy gates, that they may hear, and that they may learn, and fear the LORD your God, and observe to do all the words of this law:"
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 31:21 "And it shall come to pass, when many evils and troubles are befallen them, that this song shall testify against them as a witness; for it shall not be forgotten out of the mouths of their seed: for I know their imagination which they go about, even now, before I have brought them into the land which I sware."
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 32:8 "When the Most High divided to the nations their inheritance, when he separated the sons of Adam, he set the bounds of the people according to the number of the children of Israel."
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 32:30 "How should one chase a thousand, and two put ten thousand to flight, except their Rock had sold them, and the LORD had shut them up?"
Aspect1, Deuteronomy 33:3 "Yea, he loved the people; all his saints are in thy hand: and they sat down at thy feet; every one shall receive of thy words."
Aspect1, Joshua 1:11 "Pass through the host, and command the people, saying, Prepare you victuals; for within three days ye shall pass over this Jordan, to go in to possess the land, which the LORD your God giveth you to possess it."
Aspect1, Joshua 4:2 "Take you twelve men out of the people, out of every tribe a man,"
Aspect1, Joshua 5:4 "And this is the cause why Joshua did circumcise: All the people that came out of Egypt, that were males, even all the men of war, died in the wilderness by the way, after they came out of Egypt."
Aspect1, Joshua 7:5 "And the men of Ai smote of them about thirty and six men: for they chased them from before the gate even unto Shebarim, and smote them in the going down: wherefore the hearts of the people melted, and became as water."
Aspect1, Joshua 7:13 "Up, sanctify the people, and say, Sanctify yourselves against to morrow: for thus saith the LORD God of Israel, There is an accursed thing in the midst of thee, O Israel: thou canst not stand before thine enemies, until ye take away the accursed thing from among you."
Aspect1, Joshua 8:3 "So Joshua arose, and all the people of war, to go up against Ai: and Joshua chose out thirty thousand mighty men of valor, and sent them away by night."
Aspect1, Joshua 8:10 "And Joshua rose up early in the morning, and numbered the people, and went up, he and the elders of Israel, before the people to Ai."
Aspect1, Joshua 21:45 "There failed not ought of any good thing which the LORD had spoken unto the house of Israel; all came to pass."
Aspect1, Joshua 22:14 "And with him ten princes, of each chief house a prince throughout all the tribes of Israel; and each one was an head of the house of their fathers among the thousands of Israel."
Aspect1, Joshua 24:8 "And I brought you into the land of the Amorites, which dwelt on the other side Jordan; and they fought with you: and I gave them into your hand, that ye might possess their land; and I destroyed them from before you."
Aspect1, Judges 1:35 "But the Amorites would dwell in mount Heres in Aijalon, and in Shaalbim: yet the hand of the house of Joseph prevailed, so that they became tributaries."
Aspect1, Judges 3:2 "Only that the generations of the children of Israel might know, to teach them war, at the least such as before knew nothing thereof;"
Aspect1, Judges 4:10 "And Barak called Zebulun and Naphtali to Kedesh; and he went up with ten thousand men at his feet: and Deborah went up with him."
Aspect1, Judges 5:24 "Blessed above women shall Jael the wife of Heber the Kenite be, blessed shall she be above women in the tent."
Aspect1, Judges 5:28 "The mother of Sisera looked out at a window, and cried through the lattice, Why is his chariot so long in coming? why tarry the wheels of his chariots?"
Aspect1, Judges 7:8 "So the people took victuals in their hand, and their trumpets: and he sent all the rest of Israel every man unto his tent, and retained those three hundred men: and the host of Midian was beneath him in the valley."
Aspect1, Judges 7:16 "And he divided the three hundred men into three companies, and he put a trumpet in every man's hand, with empty pitchers, and lamps within the pitchers."
Aspect1, Judges 8:30 "And Gideon had threescore and ten sons of his body begotten: for he had many wives."
Aspect1, Judges 8:33 "And it came to pass, as soon as Gideon was dead, that the children of Israel turned again, and went a whoring after Baalim, and made Baalberith their god."
Aspect1, Judges 9:4 "And they gave him threescore and ten pieces of silver out of the house of Baalberith, wherewith Abimelech hired vain and light persons, which followed him."
Aspect1, Judges 9:6 "And all the men of Shechem gathered together, and all the house of Millo, and went, and made Abimelech king, by the plain of the pillar that was in Shechem."
Aspect1, Judges 9:21 "And Jotham ran away, and fled, and went to Beer, and dwelt there, for fear of Abimelech his brother."
Aspect1, Judges 9:22 "When Abimelech had reigned three years over Israel,"
Aspect1, Judges 9:23 "Then God sent an evil spirit between Abimelech and the men of Shechem; and the men of Shechem dealt treacherously with Abimelech:"
Aspect1, Judges 9:27 "And they went out into the fields, and gathered their vineyards, and trode the grapes, and made merry, and went into the house of their god, and did eat and drink, and cursed Abimelech."
Aspect1, Judges 9:42 "And it came to pass on the morrow, that the people went out into the field; and they told Abimelech."
Aspect1, Judges 9:46 "And when all the men of the tower of Shechem heard that, they entered into an hold of the house of the god Berith."
Aspect1, Judges 9:47 "And it was told Abimelech, that all the men of the tower of Shechem were gathered together."
Aspect1, Judges 9:49 "And all the people likewise cut down every man his bough, and followed Abimelech, and put them to the hold, and set the hold on fire upon them; so that all the men of the tower of Shechem died also, about a thousand men and women."
Aspect1, Judges 9:55 "And when the men of Israel saw that Abimelech was dead, they departed every man unto his place."
Aspect1, Judges 9:56 "Thus God rendered the wickedness of Abimelech, which he did unto his father, in slaying his seventy brethren:"
Aspect1, Judges 11:3 "Then Jephthah fled from his brethren, and dwelt in the land of Tob: and there were gathered vain men to Jephthah, and went out with him."
Aspect1, Judges 11:11 "Then Jephthah went with the elders of Gilead, and the people made him head and captain over them: and Jephthah uttered all his words before the LORD in Mizpeh."
Aspect1, Judges 11:15 "And said unto him, Thus saith Jephthah, Israel took not away the land of Moab, nor the land of the children of Ammon:"
Aspect1, Judges 12:1 "And the men of Ephraim gathered themselves together, and went northward, and said unto Jephthah, Wherefore passedst thou over to fight against the children of Ammon, and didst not call us to go with thee? we will burn thine house upon thee with fire."
Aspect1, Judges 13:9 "And God hearkened to the voice of Manoah; and the angel of God came again unto the woman as she sat in the field: but Manoah her husband was not with her."
Aspect1, Judges 14:7 "And he went down, and talked with the woman; and she pleased Samson well."
Aspect1, Judges 15:8 "And he smote them hip and thigh with a great slaughter: and he went down and dwelt in the top of the rock Etam."
Aspect1, Judges 16:22 "Howbeit the hair of his head began to grow again after he was shaven."
Aspect1, Judges 16:27 "Now the house was full of men and women; and all the lords of the Philistines were there; and there were upon the roof about three thousand men and women, that beheld while Samson made sport."
Aspect1, Judges 17:11 "And the Levite was content to dwell with the man; and the young man was unto him as one of his sons."
Aspect1, Judges 17:12 "And Micah consecrated the Levite; and the young man became his priest, and was in the house of Micah."
Aspect1, Judges 18:7 "Then the five men departed, and came to Laish, and saw the people that were therein, how they dwelt careless, after the manner of the Zidonians, quiet and secure; and there was no magistrate in the land, that might put them to shame in any thing; and they were far from the Zidonians, and had no business with any man."
Aspect1, Judges 18:20 "And the priest's heart was glad, and he took the ephod, and the teraphim, and the graven image, and went in the midst of the people."
Aspect1, Judges 18:21 "So they turned and departed, and put the little ones and the cattle and the carriage before them."
Aspect1, Judges 20:8 "And all the people arose as one man, saying, We will not any of us go to his tent, neither will we any of us turn into his house."
Aspect1, Judges 20:9 "But now this shall be the thing which we will do to Gibeah; we will go up by lot against it;"
Aspect1, Judges 20:10 "And we will take ten men of an hundred throughout all the tribes of Israel, and an hundred of a thousand, and a thousand out of ten thousand, to fetch victual for the people, that they may do, when they come to Gibeah of Benjamin, according to all the folly that they have wrought in Israel."
Aspect1, Judges 20:17 "And the men of Israel, beside Benjamin, were numbered four hundred thousand men that drew sword: all these were men of war."
Aspect1, Judges 20:20 "And the men of Israel went out to battle against Benjamin; and the men of Israel put themselves in array to fight against them at Gibeah."
Aspect1, Judges 20:22 "And the people the men of Israel encouraged themselves, and set their battle again in array in the place where they put themselves in array the first day."
Aspect1, Judges 20:29 "And Israel set liers in wait round about Gibeah."
Aspect1, Judges 20:34 "And there came against Gibeah ten thousand chosen men out of all Israel, and the battle was sore: but they knew not that evil was near them."
Aspect1, Judges 20:39 "And when the men of Israel retired in the battle, Benjamin began to smite and kill of the men of Israel about thirty persons: for they said, Surely they are smitten down before us, as in the first battle."
Aspect1, Judges 20:41 "And when the men of Israel turned again, the men of Benjamin were amazed: for they saw that evil was come upon them."
Aspect1, Judges 21:1 "Now the men of Israel had sworn in Mizpeh, saying, There shall not any of us give his daughter unto Benjamin to wife."
Aspect1, Judges 21:14 "And Benjamin came again at that time; and they gave them wives which they had saved alive of the women of Jabeshgilead: and yet so they sufficed them not."
Aspect1, Judges 21:18 "Howbeit we may not give them wives of our daughters: for the children of Israel have sworn, saying, Cursed be he that giveth a wife to Benjamin."
Aspect1, Ruth 1:4 "And they took them wives of the women of Moab; the name of the one was Orpah, and the name of the other Ruth: and they dwelled there about ten years."
Aspect1, Ruth 3:8 "And it came to pass at midnight, that the man was afraid, and turned himself: and, behold, a woman lay at his feet."
Aspect1, Ruth 4:10 "Moreover Ruth the Moabitess, the wife of Mahlon, have I purchased to be my wife, to raise up the name of the dead upon his inheritance, that the name of the dead be not cut off from among his brethren, and from the gate of his place: ye are witnesses this day."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 2:19 "Moreover his mother made him a little coat, and brought it to him from year to year, when she came up with her husband to offer the yearly sacrifice."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 6:19 "And he smote the men of Bethshemesh, because they had looked into the ark of the LORD, even he smote of the people fifty thousand and threescore and ten men: and the people lamented, because the LORD had smitten many of the people with a great slaughter."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 9:21 "And Saul answered and said, Am not I a Benjamite, of the smallest of the tribes of Israel? and my family the least of all the families of the tribe of Benjamin? wherefore then speakest thou so to me?"
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 9:26 "And they arose early: and it came to pass about the spring of the day, that Samuel called Saul to the top of the house, saying, Up, that I may send thee away. And Saul arose, and they went out both of them, he and Samuel, abroad."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 11:11 "And it was so on the morrow, that Saul put the people in three companies; and they came into the midst of the host in the morning watch, and slew the Ammonites until the heat of the day: and it came to pass, that they which remained were scattered, so that two of them were not left together."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 13:1 "Saul reigned one year; and when he had reigned two years over Israel,"
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 13:15 "And Samuel arose, and gat him up from Gilgal unto Gibeah of Benjamin. And Saul numbered the people that were present with him, about six hundred men."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 13:22 "So it came to pass in the day of battle, that there was neither sword nor spear found in the hand of any of the people that were with Saul and Jonathan: but with Saul and with Jonathan his son was there found."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 14:14 "And that first slaughter, which Jonathan and his armourbearer made, was about twenty men, within as it were an half acre of land, which a yoke of oxen might plow."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 14:16 "And the watchmen of Saul in Gibeah of Benjamin looked; and, behold, the multitude melted away, and they went on beating down one another."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 14:19 "And it came to pass, while Saul talked unto the priest, that the noise that was in the host of the Philistines went on and increased: and Saul said unto the priest, Withdraw thine hand."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 14:24 "And the men of Israel were distressed that day: for Saul had adjured the people, saying, Cursed be the man that eateth any food until evening, that I may be avenged on mine enemies. So none of the people tasted any food."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 14:45 "And the people said unto Saul, Shall Jonathan die, who hath wrought this great salvation in Israel? God forbid: as the LORD liveth, there shall not one hair of his head fall to the ground; for he hath wrought with God this day. So the people rescued Jonathan, that he died not."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 15:4 "And Saul gathered the people together, and numbered them in Telaim, two hundred thousand footmen, and ten thousand men of Judah."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 16:21 "And David came to Saul, and stood before him: and he loved him greatly; and he became his armourbearer."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 17:2 "And Saul and the men of Israel were gathered together, and pitched by the valley of Elah, and set the battle in array against the Philistines."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 17:5 "And he had an helmet of brass upon his head, and he was armed with a coat of mail; and the weight of the coat was five thousand shekels of brass."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 17:18 "And carry these ten cheeses unto the captain of their thousand, and look how thy brethren fare, and take their pledge."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 17:42 "And when the Philistine looked about, and saw David, he disdained him: for he was but a youth, and ruddy, and of a fair countenance."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 18:8 "And Saul was very wroth, and the saying displeased him; and he said, They have ascribed unto David ten thousands, and to me they have ascribed but thousands: and what can he have more but the kingdom?"
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 18:13 "Therefore Saul removed him from him, and made him his captain over a thousand; and he went out and came in before the people."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 18:15 "Wherefore when Saul saw that he behaved himself very wisely, he was afraid of him."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 18:27 "Wherefore David arose and went, he and his men, and slew of the Philistines two hundred men; and David brought their foreskins, and they gave them in full tale to the king, that he might be the king's son in law. And Saul gave him Michal his daughter to wife."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 18:29 "And Saul was yet the more afraid of David; and Saul became David's enemy continually."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 22:15 "Did I then begin to inquire of God for him? be it far from me: let not the king impute any thing unto his servant, nor to all the house of my father: for thy servant knew nothing of all this, less or more."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 23:8 "And Saul called all the people together to war, to go down to Keilah, to besiege David and his men."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 23:24 "And they arose, and went to Ziph before Saul: but David and his men were in the wilderness of Maon, in the plain on the south of Jeshimon."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 25:3 "Now the name of the man was Nabal; and the name of his wife Abigail: and she was a woman of good understanding, and of a beautiful countenance: but the man was churlish and evil in his doings; and he was of the house of Caleb."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 25:5 "And David sent out ten young men, and David said unto the young men, Get you up to Carmel, and go to Nabal, and greet him in my name:"
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 25:33 "And blessed be thy advice, and blessed be thou, which hast kept me this day from coming to shed blood, and from avenging myself with mine own hand."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 26:2 "Then Saul arose, and went down to the wilderness of Ziph, having three thousand chosen men of Israel with him, to seek David in the wilderness of Ziph."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 26:5 "And David arose, and came to the place where Saul had pitched: and David beheld the place where Saul lay, and Abner the son of Ner, the captain of his host: and Saul lay in the trench, and the people pitched round about him."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 26:7 "So David and Abishai came to the people by night: and, behold, Saul lay sleeping within the trench, and his spear stuck in the ground at his bolster: but Abner and the people lay round about him."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 27:3 "And David dwelt with Achish at Gath, he and his men, every man with his household, even David with his two wives, Ahinoam the Jezreelitess, and Abigail the Carmelitess, Nabal's wife."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 28:16 "Then said Samuel, Wherefore then dost thou ask of me, seeing the LORD is departed from thee, and is become thine enemy?"
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 30:4 "Then David and the people that were with him lifted up their voice and wept, until they had no more power to weep."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 30:5 "And David's two wives were taken captives, Ahinoam the Jezreelitess, and Abigail the wife of Nabal the Carmelite."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 30:11 "And they found an Egyptian in the field, and brought him to David, and gave him bread, and he did eat; and they made him drink water;"
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 30:24 "For who will hearken unto you in this matter? but as his part is that goeth down to the battle, so shall his part be that tarrieth by the stuff: they shall part alike."
Aspect1, 1 Samuel 30:31 "And to them which were in Hebron, and to all the places where David himself and his men were wont to haunt."
Aspect1, 2 Samuel 1:24 "Ye daughters of Israel, weep over Saul, who clothed you in scarlet, with other delights, who put on ornaments of gold upon your apparel."
Aspect1, 2 Samuel 2:28 "So Joab blew a trumpet, and all the people stood still, and pursued after Israel no more, neither fought they any more."
Aspect1, 2 Samuel 3:5 "And the sixth, Ithream, by Eglah David's wife. These were born to David in Hebron."
Aspect1, 2 Samuel 7:10 "Moreover I will appoint a place for my people Israel, and will plant them, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more; neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them any more, as beforetime,"
Aspect1, 2 Samuel 9:8 "And he bowed himself, and said, What is thy servant, that thou shouldest look upon such a dead dog as I am?"
Aspect1, 2 Samuel 10:6 "And when the children of Ammon saw that they stank before David, the children of Ammon sent and hired the Syrians of Bethrehob and the Syrians of Zoba, twenty thousand footmen, and of king Maacah a thousand men, and of Ishtob twelve thousand men."
Aspect1, 2 Samuel 12:9 "Wherefore hast thou despised the commandment of the LORD, to do evil in his sight? thou hast killed Uriah the Hittite with the sword, and hast taken his wife to be thy wife, and hast slain him with the sword of the children of Ammon."
Aspect1, 2 Samuel 12:10 "Now therefore the sword shall never depart from thine house; because thou hast despised me, and hast taken the wife of Uriah the Hittite to be thy wife."
Aspect1, 2 Samuel 12:17 "And the elders of his house arose, and went to him, to raise him up from the earth: but he would not, neither did he eat bread with them."
Aspect1, 2 Samuel 14:28 "So Absalom dwelt two full years in Jerusalem, and saw not the king's face."
Aspect1, 2 Samuel 16:15 "And Absalom, and all the people the men of Israel, came to Jerusalem, and Ahithophel with him."
Aspect1, 2 Samuel 17:29 "And honey, and butter, and sheep, and cheese of kine, for David, and for the people that were with him, to eat: for they said, The people is hungry, and weary, and thirsty, in the wilderness."
Aspect1, 2 Samuel 18:15 "And ten young men that bare Joab's armor compassed about and smote Absalom, and slew him."
Aspect1, 2 Samuel 19:2 "And the victory that day was turned into mourning unto all the people: for the people heard say that day how the king was grieved for his son."
Aspect1, 2 Samuel 19:28 "For all of my father's house were but dead men before my lord the king: yet didst thou set thy servant among them that did eat at thine own table. What right therefore have I yet to cry any more unto the king?"
Aspect1, 2 Samuel 19:35 "I am this day fourscore years old: and can I discern between good and evil? can thy servant taste what I eat or what I drink? can I hear any more the voice of singing men and singing women? wherefore then should thy servant be yet a burden unto my lord the king?"
Aspect1, 2 Samuel 22:12 "And he made darkness pavilions round about him, dark waters, and thick clouds of the skies."
Aspect1, 2 Samuel 24:9 "And Joab gave up the sum of the number of the people unto the king: and there were in Israel eight hundred thousand valiant men that drew the sword; and the men of Judah were five hundred thousand men."
Aspect1, 1 Kings 1:52 "And Solomon said, If he will show himself a worthy man, there shall not an hair of him fall to the earth: but if wickedness shall be found in him, he shall die."
Aspect1, 1 Kings 2:44 "The king said moreover to Shimei, Thou knowest all the wickedness which thine heart is privy to, that thou didst to David my father: therefore the LORD shall return thy wickedness upon thine own head;"
Aspect1, 1 Kings 3:17 "And the one woman said, O my lord, I and this woman dwell in one house; and I was delivered of a child with her in the house."
Aspect1, 1 Kings 5:10 "So Hiram gave Solomon cedar trees and fir trees according to all his desire."
Aspect1, 1 Kings 5:11 "And Solomon gave Hiram twenty thousand measures of wheat for food to his household, and twenty measures of pure oil: thus gave Solomon to Hiram year by year."
Aspect1, 1 Kings 5:15 "And Solomon had threescore and ten thousand that bare burdens, and fourscore thousand hewers in the mountains;"
Aspect1, 1 Kings 6:5 "And against the wall of the house he built chambers round about, against the walls of the house round about, both of the temple and of the oracle: and he made chambers round about:"
Aspect1, 1 Kings 6:7 "And the house, when it was in building, was built of stone made ready before it was brought thither: so that there was neither hammer nor axe nor any tool of iron heard in the house, while it was in building."
Aspect1, 1 Kings 6:23 "And within the oracle he made two cherubim of olive tree, each ten cubits high."
Aspect1, 1 Kings 6:25 "And the other cherub was ten cubits: both the cherubim were of one measure and one size."
Aspect1, 1 Kings 6:27 "And he set the cherubim within the inner house: and they stretched forth the wings of the cherubim, so that the wing of the one touched the one wall, and the wing of the other cherub touched the other wall; and their wings touched one another in the midst of the house."
Aspect1, 1 Kings 6:29 "And he carved all the walls of the house round about with carved figures of cherubim and palm trees and open flowers, within and without."
Aspect1, 1 Kings 6:30 "And the floors of the house he overlaid with gold, within and without."
Aspect1, 1 Kings 7:18 "And he made the pillars, and two rows round about upon the one network, to cover the chapiters that were upon the top, with pomegranates: and so did he for the other chapiter."
Aspect1, 1 Kings 7:24 "And under the brim of it round about there were knops compassing it, ten in a cubit, compassing the sea round about: the knops were cast in two rows, when it was cast."
Aspect1, 1 Kings 7:43 "And the ten bases, and ten lavers on the bases;"
Aspect1, 1 Kings 8:14 "And the king turned his face about, and blessed all the congregation of Israel: (and all the congregation of Israel stood;)"
Aspect1, 1 Kings 9:8 "And at this house, which is high, every one that passeth by it shall be astonished, and shall hiss; and they shall say, Why hath the LORD done thus unto this land, and to this house?"
Aspect1, 1 Kings 10:13 "And king Solomon gave unto the queen of Sheba all her desire, whatsoever she asked, beside that which Solomon gave her of his royal bounty. So she turned and went to her own country, she and her servants."
Aspect1, 1 Kings 11:24 "And he gathered men unto him, and became captain over a band, when David slew them of Zobah: and they went to Damascus, and dwelt therein, and reigned in Damascus."
Aspect1, 1 Kings 11:28 "And the man Jeroboam was a mighty man of valor: and Solomon seeing the young man that he was industrious, he made him ruler over all the charge of the house of Joseph."
Aspect1, 1 Kings 12:8 "But he forsook the counsel of the old men, which they had given him, and consulted with the young men that were grown up with him, and which stood before him:"
Aspect1, 1 Kings 13:3 "And he gave a sign the same day, saying, This is the sign which the LORD hath spoken; Behold, the altar shall be rent, and the ashes that are upon it shall be poured out."
Aspect1, 1 Kings 13:28 "And he went and found his carcass cast in the way, and the ass and the lion standing by the carcass: the lion had not eaten the carcass, nor torn the ass."
Aspect1, 1 Kings 13:33 "After this thing Jeroboam returned not from his evil way, but made again of the lowest of the people priests of the high places: whosoever would, he consecrated him, and he became one of the priests of the high places."
Aspect1, 1 Kings 14:11 "Him that dieth of Jeroboam in the city shall the dogs eat; and him that dieth in the field shall the fowls of the air eat: for the LORD hath spoken it."
Aspect1, 1 Kings 16:11 "And it came to pass, when he began to reign, as soon as he sat on his throne, that he slew all the house of Baasha: he left him not one that pisseth against a wall, neither of his kinsfolk, nor of his friends."
Aspect1, 1 Kings 19:6 "And he looked, and, behold, there was a cake baken on the coals, and a cruse of water at his head. And he did eat and drink, and laid him down again."
Aspect1, 1 Kings 20:15 "Then he numbered the young men of the princes of the provinces, and they were two hundred and thirty two: and after them he numbered all the people, even all the children of Israel, being seven thousand."
Aspect1, 1 Kings 20:24 "And do this thing, Take the kings away, every man out of his place, and put captains in their rooms:"
Aspect1, 1 Kings 20:42 "And he said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Because thou hast let go out of thy hand a man whom I appointed to utter destruction, therefore thy life shall go for his life, and thy people for his people."
Aspect1, 2 Kings 5:24 "And when he came to the tower, he took them from their hand, and bestowed them in the house: and he let the men go, and they departed."
Aspect1, 2 Kings 6:16 "And he answered, Fear not: for they that be with us are more than they that be with them."
Aspect1, 2 Kings 6:25 "And there was a great famine in Samaria: and, behold, they besieged it, until an ass's head was sold for fourscore pieces of silver, and the fourth part of a cab of dove's dung for five pieces of silver."
Aspect1, 2 Kings 9:37 "And the carcass of Jezebel shall be as dung upon the face of the field in the portion of Jezreel; so that they shall not say, This is Jezebel."
Aspect1, 2 Kings 12:5 "Let the priests take it to them, every man of his acquaintance: and let them repair the breaches of the house, wheresoever any breach shall be found."
Aspect1, 2 Kings 12:8 "And the priests consented to receive no more money of the people, neither to repair the breaches of the house."
Aspect1, 2 Kings 13:7 "Neither did he leave of the people to Jehoahaz but fifty horsemen, and ten chariots, and ten thousand footmen; for the king of Syria had destroyed them, and had made them like the dust by threshing."
Aspect1, 2 Kings 16:4 "And he sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places, and on the hills, and under every green tree."
Aspect1, 2 Kings 17:10 "And they set them up images and groves in every high hill, and under every green tree:"
Aspect1, 2 Kings 20:10 "And Hezekiah answered, It is a light thing for the shadow to go down ten degrees: nay, but let the shadow return backward ten degrees."
Aspect1, 2 Kings 22:8 "And Hilkiah the high priest said unto Shaphan the scribe, I have found the book of the law in the house of the LORD. And Hilkiah gave the book to Shaphan, and he read it."
Aspect1, 2 Kings 23:24 "Moreover the workers with familiar spirits, and the wizards, and the images, and the idols, and all the abominations that were spied in the land of Judah and in Jerusalem, did Josiah put away, that he might perform the words of the law which were written in the book that Hilkiah the priest found in the house of the LORD."
Aspect1, 2 Kings 23:35 "And Jehoiakim gave the silver and the gold to Pharaoh; but he taxed the land to give the money according to the commandment of Pharaoh: he exacted the silver and the gold of the people of the land, of every one according to his taxation, to give it unto Pharaohnechoh."
Aspect1, 2 Kings 24:14 "And he carried away all Jerusalem, and all the princes, and all the mighty men of valor, even ten thousand captives, and all the craftsmen and smiths: none remained, save the poorest sort of the people of the land."
Aspect1, 2 Kings 25:26 "And all the people, both small and great, and the captains of the armies, arose, and came to Egypt: for they were afraid of the Chaldees."
Aspect1, 1 Chronicles 1:2 "Kenan, Mahalaleel, Jered,"
Aspect1, 1 Chronicles 1:7 "And the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim."
Aspect1, 1 Chronicles 2:35 "And Sheshan gave his daughter to Jarha his servant to wife; and she bare him Attai."
Aspect1, 1 Chronicles 5:10 "And in the days of Saul they made war with the Hagarites, who fell by their hand: and they dwelt in their tents throughout all the east land of Gilead."
Aspect1, 1 Chronicles 5:21 "And they took away their cattle; of their camels fifty thousand, and of sheep two hundred and fifty thousand, and of asses two thousand, and of men an hundred thousand."
Aspect1, 1 Chronicles 5:22 "For there fell down many slain, because the war was of God. And they dwelt in their steads until the captivity."
Aspect1, 1 Chronicles 8:19 "And Jakim, and Zichri, and Zabdi,"
Aspect1, 1 Chronicles 10:7 "And when all the men of Israel that were in the valley saw that they fled, and that Saul and his sons were dead, then they forsook their cities, and fled: and the Philistines came and dwelt in them."
Aspect1, 1 Chronicles 11:16 "And David was then in the hold, and the Philistines' garrison was then at Bethlehem."
Aspect1, 1 Chronicles 11:21 "Of the three, he was more honorable than the two; for he was their captain: howbeit he attained not to the first three."
Aspect1, 1 Chronicles 12:8 "And of the Gadites there separated themselves unto David into the hold to the wilderness men of might, and men of war fit for the battle, that could handle shield and buckler, whose faces were like the faces of lions, and were as swift as the roes upon the mountains;"
Aspect1, 1 Chronicles 12:14 "These were of the sons of Gad, captains of the host: one of the least was over an hundred, and the greatest over a thousand."
Aspect1, 1 Chronicles 12:22 "For at that time day by day there came to David to help him, until it was a great host, like the host of God."
Aspect1, 1 Chronicles 16:43 "And all the people departed every man to his house: and David returned to bless his house."
Aspect1, 1 Chronicles 17:5 "For I have not dwelt in an house since the day that I brought up Israel unto this day; but have gone from tent to tent, and from one tabernacle to another."
Aspect1, 1 Chronicles 17:17 "And yet this was a small thing in thine eyes, O God; for thou hast also spoken of thy servant's house for a great while to come, and hast regarded me according to the estate of a man of high degree, O LORD God."
Aspect1, 1 Chronicles 18:2 "And he smote Moab; and the Moabites became David's servants, and brought gifts."
Aspect1, 1 Chronicles 21:5 "And Joab gave the sum of the number of the people unto David. And all they of Israel were a thousand thousand and an hundred thousand men that drew sword: and Judah was four hundred threescore and ten thousand men that drew sword."
Aspect1, 1 Chronicles 24:5 "Thus were they divided by lot, one sort with another; for the governors of the sanctuary, and governors of the house of God, were of the sons of Eleazar, and of the sons of Ithamar."
Aspect1, 1 Chronicles 25:8 "And they cast lots, ward against ward, as well the small as the great, the teacher as the scholar."
Aspect1, 1 Chronicles 26:5 "Ammiel the sixth, Issachar the seventh, Peulthai the eighth: for God blessed him."
Aspect1, 1 Chronicles 29:4 "Even three thousand talents of gold, of the gold of Ophir, and seven thousand talents of refined silver, to overlay the walls of the houses withal:"
Aspect1, 1 Chronicles 29:7 "And gave for the service of the house of God of gold five thousand talents and ten thousand drams, and of silver ten thousand talents, and of brass eighteen thousand talents, and one hundred thousand talents of iron."
Aspect1, 2 Chronicles 2:18 "And he set threescore and ten thousand of them to be bearers of burdens, and fourscore thousand to be hewers in the mountain, and three thousand and six hundred overseers to set the people a work."
Aspect1, 2 Chronicles 4:12 "To wit, the two pillars, and the pommels, and the chapiters which were on the top of the two pillars, and the two wreaths to cover the two pommels of the chapiters which were on the top of the pillars;"
Aspect1, 2 Chronicles 6:29 "Then what prayer or what supplication soever shall be made of any man, or of all thy people Israel, when every one shall know his own sore and his own grief, and shall spread forth his hands in this house:"
Aspect1, 2 Chronicles 11:23 "And he dealt wisely, and dispersed of all his children throughout all the countries of Judah and Benjamin, unto every fenced city: and he gave them victual in abundance. And he desired many wives."
Aspect1, 2 Chronicles 12:3 "With twelve hundred chariots, and threescore thousand horsemen: and the people were without number that came with him out of Egypt; the Lubims, the Sukkiims, and the Ethiopians."
Aspect1, 2 Chronicles 12:8 "Nevertheless they shall be his servants; that they may know my service, and the service of the kingdoms of the countries."
Aspect1, 2 Chronicles 13:3 "And Abijah set the battle in array with an army of valiant men of war, even four hundred thousand chosen men: Jeroboam also set the battle in array against him with eight hundred thousand chosen men, being mighty men of valor."
Aspect1, 2 Chronicles 13:17 "And Abijah and his people slew them with a great slaughter: so there fell down slain of Israel five hundred thousand chosen men."
Aspect1, 2 Chronicles 16:10 "Then Asa was wroth with the seer, and put him in a prison house; for he was in a rage with him because of this thing. And Asa oppressed some of the people the same time."
Aspect1, 2 Chronicles 17:15 "And next to him was Jehohanan the captain, and with him two hundred and fourscore thousand."
Aspect1, 2 Chronicles 17:17 "And of Benjamin; Eliada a mighty man of valor, and with him armed men with bow and shield two hundred thousand."
Aspect1, 2 Chronicles 17:18 "And next him was Jehozabad, and with him an hundred and fourscore thousand ready prepared for the war."
Aspect1, 2 Chronicles 20:10 "And now, behold, the children of Ammon and Moab and mount Seir, whom thou wouldest not let Israel invade, when they came out of the land of Egypt, but they turned from them, and destroyed them not;"
Aspect1, 2 Chronicles 24:10 "And all the princes and all the people rejoiced, and brought in, and cast into the chest, until they had made an end."
Aspect1, 2 Chronicles 27:5 "He fought also with the king of the Ammonites, and prevailed against them. And the children of Ammon gave him the same year an hundred talents of silver, and ten thousand measures of wheat, and ten thousand of barley. So much did the children of Ammon pay unto him, both the second year, and the third."
Aspect1, 2 Chronicles 29:32 "And the number of the burnt offerings, which the congregation brought, was threescore and ten bullocks, an hundred rams, and two hundred lambs: all these were for a burnt offering to the LORD."
Aspect1, 2 Chronicles 30:24 "For Hezekiah king of Judah did give to the congregation a thousand bullocks and seven thousand sheep; and the princes gave to the congregation a thousand bullocks and ten thousand sheep: and a great number of priests sanctified themselves."
Aspect1, 2 Chronicles 31:4 "Moreover he commanded the people that dwelt in Jerusalem to give the portion of the priests and the Levites, that they might be encouraged in the law of the LORD."
Aspect1, 2 Chronicles 31:8 "And when Hezekiah and the princes came and saw the heaps, they blessed the LORD, and his people Israel."
Aspect1, 2 Chronicles 32:4 "So there was gathered much people together, who stopped all the fountains, and the brook that ran through the midst of the land, saying, Why should the kings of Assyria come, and find much water?"
Aspect1, 2 Chronicles 35:7 "And Josiah gave to the people, of the flock, lambs and kids, all for the passover offerings, for all that were present, to the number of thirty thousand, and three thousand bullocks: these were of the king's substance."
Aspect1, 2 Chronicles 35:8 "And his princes gave willingly unto the people, to the priests, and to the Levites: Hilkiah and Zechariah and Jehiel, rulers of the house of God, gave unto the priests for the passover offerings two thousand and six hundred small cattle and three hundred oxen."
Aspect1, Ezra 1:4 "And whosoever remaineth in any place where he sojourneth, let the men of his place help him with silver, and with gold, and with goods, and with beasts, beside the freewill offering for the house of God that is in Jerusalem."
Aspect1, Ezra 3:13 "So that the people could not discern the noise of the shout of joy from the noise of the weeping of the people: for the people shouted with a loud shout, and the noise was heard afar off."
Aspect1, Ezra 6:2 "And there was found at Achmetha, in the palace that is in the province of the Medes, a roll, and therein was a record thus written:"
Aspect1, Ezra 7:16 "And all the silver and gold that thou canst find in all the province of Babylon, with the freewill offering of the people, and of the priests, offering willingly for the house of their God which is in Jerusalem:"
Aspect1, Ezra 9:3 "And when I heard this thing, I rent my garment and my mantle, and plucked off the hair of my head and of my beard, and sat down astonied."
Aspect1, Ezra 9:13 "And after all that is come upon us for our evil deeds, and for our great trespass, seeing that thou our God hast punished us less than our iniquities deserve, and hast given us such deliverance as this;"
Aspect1, Ezra 10:9 "Then all the men of Judah and Benjamin gathered themselves together unto Jerusalem within three days. It was the ninth month, on the twentieth day of the month; and all the people sat in the street of the house of God, trembling because of this matter, and for the great rain."
Aspect1, Ezra 10:13 "But the people are many, and it is a time of much rain, and we are not able to stand without, neither is this a work of one day or two: for we are many that have transgressed in this thing."
Aspect1, Ezra 10:14 "Let now our rulers of all the congregation stand, and let all them which have taken strange wives in our cities come at appointed times, and with them the elders of every city, and the judges thereof, until the fierce wrath of our God for this matter be turned from us."
Aspect1, Nehemiah 3:2 "And next unto him builded the men of Jericho. And next to them builded Zaccur the son of Imri."
Aspect1, Nehemiah 3:22 "And after him repaired the priests, the men of the plain."
Aspect1, Nehemiah 6:12 "And, lo, I perceived that God had not sent him; but that he pronounced this prophecy against me: for Tobiah and Sanballat had hired him."
Aspect1, Nehemiah 7:26 "The men of Bethlehem and Netophah, an hundred fourscore and eight."
Aspect1, Nehemiah 7:33 "The men of the other Nebo, fifty and two."
Aspect1, Nehemiah 8:3 "And he read therein before the street that was before the water gate from the morning until midday, before the men and the women, and those that could understand; and the ears of all the people were attentive unto the book of the law."
Aspect1, Nehemiah 8:8 "So they read in the book in the law of God distinctly, and gave the sense, and caused them to understand the reading."
Aspect1, Nehemiah 10:38 "And the priest the son of Aaron shall be with the Levites, when the Levites take tithes: and the Levites shall bring up the tithe of the tithes unto the house of our God, to the chambers, into the treasure house."
Aspect1, Nehemiah 11:2 "And the people blessed all the men, that willingly offered themselves to dwell at Jerusalem."
Aspect1, Nehemiah 12:40 "So stood the two companies of them that gave thanks in the house of God, and I, and the half of the rulers with me:"
Aspect1, Nehemiah 13:8 "And it grieved me sore: therefore I cast forth all the household stuff to Tobiah out of the chamber."
Aspect1, Nehemiah 13:10 "And I perceived that the portions of the Levites had not been given them: for the Levites and the singers, that did the work, were fled every one to his field."
Aspect1, Nehemiah 13:30 "Thus cleansed I them from all strangers, and appointed the wards of the priests and the Levites, every one in his business;"
Aspect1, Nehemiah 13:31 "And for the wood offering, at times appointed, and for the firstfruits. Remember me, O my God, for good."
Aspect1, Esther 8:17 "And in every province, and in every city, whithersoever the king's commandment and his decree came, the Jews had joy and gladness, a feast and a good day. And many of the people of the land became Jews; for the fear of the Jews fell upon them."
Aspect1, Job 1:19 "And, behold, there came a great wind from the wilderness, and smote the four corners of the house, and it fell upon the young men, and they are dead; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee."
Aspect1, Job 3:8 "Let them curse it that curse the day, who are ready to raise up their mourning."
Aspect1, Job 4:6 "Is not this thy fear, thy confidence, thy hope, and the uprightness of thy ways?"
Aspect1, Job 4:17 "Shall mortal man be more just than God? shall a man be more pure than his maker?"
Aspect1, Job 7:10 "He shall return no more to his house, neither shall his place know him any more."
Aspect1, Job 8:15 "He shall lean upon his house, but it shall not stand: he shall hold it fast, but it shall not endure."
Aspect1, Job 8:20 "Behold, God will not cast away a perfect man, neither will he help the evil doers:"
Aspect1, Job 9:9 "Which maketh Arcturus, Orion, and Pleiades, and the chambers of the south."
Aspect1, Job 9:35 "Then would I speak, and not fear him; but it is not so with me."
Aspect1, Job 11:12 "For vain men would be wise, though man be born like a wild ass's colt."
Aspect1, Job 13:15 "Though he slay me, yet will I trust in him: but I will maintain mine own ways before him."
Aspect1, Job 13:28 "And he, as a rotten thing, consumeth, as a garment that is moth eaten."
Aspect1, Job 14:1 "Man that is born of a woman is of few days and full of trouble."
Aspect1, Job 15:5 "For thy mouth uttereth thine iniquity, and thou choosest the tongue of the crafty."
Aspect1, Job 15:16 "How much more abominable and filthy is man, which drinketh iniquity like water?"
Aspect1, Job 16:5 "But I would strengthen you with my mouth, and the moving of my lips should asswage your grief."
Aspect1, Job 17:13 "If I wait, the grave is mine house: I have made my bed in the darkness."
Aspect1, Job 18:6 "The light shall be dark in his tabernacle, and his candle shall be put out with him."
Aspect1, Job 19:14 "My kinsfolk have failed, and my familiar friends have forgotten me."
Aspect1, Job 20:18 "That which he laboured for shall he restore, and shall not swallow it down: according to his substance shall the restitution be, and he shall not rejoice therein."
Aspect1, Job 21:9 "Their houses are safe from fear, neither is the rod of God upon them."
Aspect1, Job 21:22 "Shall any teach God knowledge? seeing he judgeth those that are high."
Aspect1, Job 21:23 "One dieth in his full strength, being wholly at ease and quiet."
Aspect1, Job 22:5 "Is not thy wickedness great? and thine iniquities infinite?"
Aspect1, Job 23:6 "Will he plead against me with his great power? No; but he would put strength in me."
Aspect1, Job 23:14 "For he performeth the thing that is appointed for me: and many such things are with him."
Aspect1, Job 24:16 "In the dark they dig through houses, which they had marked for themselves in the daytime: they know not the light."
Aspect1, Job 26:12 "He divideth the sea with his power, and by his understanding he smiteth through the proud."
Aspect1, Job 27:10 "Will he delight himself in the Almighty? will he always call upon God?"
Aspect1, Job 27:18 "He buildeth his house as a moth, and as a booth that the keeper maketh."
Aspect1, Job 27:23 "Men shall clap their hands at him, and shall hiss him out of his place."
Aspect1, Job 29:11 "When the ear heard me, then it blessed me; and when the eye saw me, it gave witness to me:"
Aspect1, Job 29:14 "I put on righteousness, and it clothed me: my judgment was as a robe and a diadem."
Aspect1, Job 31:20 "If his loins have not blessed me, and if he were not warmed with the fleece of my sheep;"
Aspect1, Job 32:9 "Great men are not always wise: neither do the aged understand judgment."
Aspect1, Job 32:11 "Behold, I waited for your words; I gave ear to your reasons, whilst ye searched out what to say."
Aspect1, Job 32:18 "For I am full of matter, the spirit within me constraineth me."
Aspect1, Job 32:22 "For I know not to give flattering titles; in so doing my maker would soon take me away."
Aspect1, Job 34:10 "Therefore hearken unto me ye men of understanding: far be it from God, that he should do wickedness; and from the Almighty, that he should commit iniquity."
Aspect1, Job 35:11 "Who teacheth us more than the beasts of the earth, and maketh us wiser than the fowls of heaven?"
Aspect1, Job 36:22 "Behold, God exalteth by his power: who teacheth like him?"
Aspect1, Job 36:26 "Behold, God is great, and we know him not, neither can the number of his years be searched out."
Aspect1, Job 38:14 "It is turned as clay to the seal; and they stand as a garment."
Aspect1, Job 39:8 "The range of the mountains is his pasture, and he searcheth after every green thing."
Aspect1, Job 40:23 "Behold, he drinketh up a river, and hasteth not: he trusteth that he can draw up Jordan into his mouth."
Aspect1, Psalm 2:1 "Why do the heathen rage, and the people imagine a vain thing?"
Aspect1, Psalm 3:6 "I will not be afraid of ten thousands of people, that have set themselves against me round about."
Aspect1, Psalm 8:5 "For thou hast made him a little lower than the angels, and hast crowned him with glory and honour."
Aspect1, Psalm 8:8 "The fowl of the air, and the fish of the sea, and whatsoever passeth through the paths of the seas."
Aspect1, Psalm 11:7 "For the righteous LORD loveth righteousness; his countenance doth behold the upright."
Aspect1, Psalm 14:4 "Have all the workers of iniquity no knowledge? who eat up my people as they eat bread, and call not upon the LORD."
Aspect1, Psalm 14:5 "There were they in great fear: for God is in the generation of the righteous."
Aspect1, Psalm 17:12 "Like as a lion that is greedy of his prey, and as it were a young lion lurking in secret places."
Aspect1, Psalm 18:11 "He made darkness his secret place; his pavilion round about him were dark waters and thick clouds of the skies."
Aspect1, Psalm 22:6 "But I am a worm, and no man; a reproach of men, and despised of the people."
Aspect1, Psalm 28:4 "Give them according to their deeds, and according to the wickedness of their endeavours: give them after the work of their hands; render to them their desert."
Aspect1, Psalm 33:17 "An horse is a vain thing for safety: neither shall he deliver any by his great strength."
Aspect1, Psalm 34:21 "Evil shall slay the wicked: and they that hate the righteous shall be desolate."
Aspect1, Psalm 37:22 "For such as be blessed of him shall inherit the earth; and they that be cursed of him shall be cut off."
Aspect1, Psalm 37:32 "The wicked watcheth the righteous, and seeketh to slay him."
Aspect1, Psalm 38:14 "Thus I was as a man that heareth not, and in whose mouth are no reproofs."
Aspect1, Psalm 44:2 "How thou didst drive out the heathen with thy hand, and plantedst them; how thou didst afflict the people, and cast them out."
Aspect1, Psalm 46:1 "God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble."
Aspect1, Psalm 48:6 "Fear took hold upon them there, and pain, as of a woman in travail."
Aspect1, Psalm 49:5 "Wherefore should I fear in the days of evil, when the iniquity of my heels shall compass me about?"
Aspect1, Psalm 55:3 "Because of the voice of the enemy, because of the oppression of the wicked: for they cast iniquity upon me, and in wrath they hate me."
Aspect1, Psalm 55:7 "Lo, then would I wander far off, and remain in the wilderness. Selah."
Aspect1, Psalm 55:10 "Day and night they go about it upon the walls thereof: mischief also and sorrow are in the midst of it."
Aspect1, Psalm 55:11 "Wickedness is in the midst thereof: deceit and guile depart not from her streets."
Aspect1, Psalm 56:7 "Shall they escape by iniquity? in thine anger cast down the people, O God."
Aspect1, Psalm 62:4 "They only consult to cast him down from his excellency: they delight in lies: they bless with their mouth, but they curse inwardly. Selah."
Aspect1, Psalm 63:11 "But the king shall rejoice in God; every one that sweareth by him shall glory: but the mouth of them that speak lies shall be stopped."
Aspect1, Psalm 64:9 "And all men shall fear, and shall declare the work of God; for they shall wisely consider of his doing."
Aspect1, Psalm 65:4 "Blessed is the man whom thou choosest, and causest to approach unto thee, that he may dwell in thy courts: we shall be satisfied with the goodness of thy house, even of thy holy temple."
Aspect1, Psalm 65:12 "They drop upon the pastures of the wilderness: and the little hills rejoice on every side."
Aspect1, Psalm 66:20 "Blessed be God, which hath not turned away my prayer, nor his mercy from me."
Aspect1, Psalm 67:7 "God shall bless us; and all the ends of the earth shall fear him."
Aspect1, Psalm 68:6 "God setteth the solitary in families: he bringeth out those which are bound with chains: but the rebellious dwell in a dry land."
Aspect1, Psalm 68:21 "But God shall wound the head of his enemies, and the hairy scalp of such an one as goeth on still in his trespasses."
Aspect1, Psalm 68:35 "O God, thou art terrible out of thy holy places: the God of Israel is he that giveth strength and power unto his people. Blessed be God."
Aspect1, Psalm 69:20 "Reproach hath broken my heart; and I am full of heaviness: and I looked for some to take pity, but there was none; and for comforters, but I found none."
Aspect1, Psalm 72:9 "They that dwell in the wilderness shall bow before him; and his enemies shall lick the dust."
Aspect1, Psalm 73:15 "If I say, I will speak thus; behold, I should offend against the generation of thy children."
Aspect1, Psalm 74:5 "A man was famous according as he had lifted up axes upon the thick trees."
Aspect1, Psalm 74:20 "Have respect unto the covenant: for the dark places of the earth are full of the habitations of cruelty."
Aspect1, Psalm 76:6 "At thy rebuke, O God of Jacob, both the chariot and horse are cast into a dead sleep."
Aspect1, Psalm 78:38 "But he, being full of compassion, forgave their iniquity, and destroyed them not: yea, many a time turned he his anger away, and did not stir up all his wrath."
Aspect1, Psalm 78:52 "But made his own people to go forth like sheep, and guided them in the wilderness like a flock."
Aspect1, Psalm 78:58 "For they provoked him to anger with their high places, and moved him to jealousy with their graven images."
Aspect1, Psalm 81:11 "But my people would not hearken to my voice; and Israel would none of me."
Aspect1, Psalm 82:7 "But ye shall die like men, and fall like one of the princes."
Aspect1, Psalm 84:4 "Blessed are they that dwell in thy house: they will be still praising thee. Selah."
Aspect1, Psalm 84:10 "For a day in thy courts is better than a thousand. I had rather be a doorkeeper in the house of my God, than to dwell in the tents of wickedness."
Aspect1, Psalm 88:3 "For my soul is full of troubles: and my life draweth nigh unto the grave."
Aspect1, Psalm 88:11 "Shall thy lovingkindness be declared in the grave? or thy faithfulness in destruction?"
Aspect1, Psalm 88:17 "They came round about me daily like water; they compassed me about together."
Aspect1, Psalm 89:15 "Blessed is the people that know the joyful sound: they shall walk, O LORD, in the light of thy countenance."
Aspect1, Psalm 90:10 "The days of our years are threescore years and ten; and if by reason of strength they be fourscore years, yet is their strength labour and sorrow; for it is soon cut off, and we fly away."
Aspect1, Psalm 94:10 "He that chastiseth the heathen, shall not he correct? he that teacheth man knowledge, shall not he know?"
Aspect1, Psalm 96:12 "Let the field be joyful, and all that is therein: then shall all the trees of the wood rejoice"
Aspect1, Psalm 97:2 "Clouds and darkness are round about him: righteousness and judgment are the habitation of his throne."
Aspect1, Psalm 98:7 "Let the sea roar, and the fulness thereof; the world, and they that dwell therein."
Aspect1, Psalm 102:10 "Because of thine indignation and thy wrath: for thou hast lifted me up, and cast me down."
Aspect1, Psalm 104:13 "He watereth the hills from his chambers: the earth is satisfied with the fruit of thy works."
Aspect1, Psalm 104:18 "The high hills are a refuge for the wild goats; and the rocks for the conies."
Aspect1, Psalm 105:38 "Egypt was glad when they departed: for the fear of them fell upon them."
Aspect1, Psalm 105:44 "And gave them the lands of the heathen: and they inherited the labour of the people;"
Aspect1, Psalm 106:3 "Blessed are they that keep judgment, and he that doeth righteousness at all times."
Aspect1, Psalm 106:14 "But lusted exceedingly in the wilderness, and tempted God in the desert."
Aspect1, Psalm 106:20 "Thus they changed their glory into the similitude of an ox that eateth grass."
Aspect1, Psalm 106:39 "Thus were they defiled with their own works, and went a whoring with their own inventions."
Aspect1, Psalm 107:17 "Fools because of their transgression, and because of their iniquities, are afflicted."
Aspect1, Psalm 110:3 "Thy people shall be willing in the day of thy power, in the beauties of holiness from the womb of the morning: thou hast the dew of thy youth."
Aspect1, Psalm 112:2 "His seed shall be mighty upon earth: the generation of the upright shall be blessed."
Aspect1, Psalm 115:2 "Wherefore should the heathen say, Where is now their God?"
Aspect1, Psalm 119:13 "With my lips have I declared all the judgments of thy mouth."
Aspect1, Psalm 119:21 "Thou hast rebuked the proud that are cursed, which do err from thy commandments."
Aspect1, Psalm 119:83 "For I am become like a bottle in the smoke; yet do I not forget thy statutes."
Aspect1, Psalm 119:85 "The proud have digged pits for me, which are not after thy law."
Aspect1, Psalm 119:141 "I am small and despised: yet do not I forget thy precepts."
Aspect1, Psalm 122:2 "Our feet shall stand within thy gates, O Jerusalem."
Aspect1, Psalm 135:12 "And gave their land for an heritage, an heritage unto Israel his people."
Aspect1, Psalm 136:16 "To him which led his people through the wilderness: for his mercy endureth for ever."
Aspect1, Psalm 137:2 "We hanged our harps upon the willows in the midst thereof."
Aspect1, Psalm 140:7 "O GOD the Lord, the strength of my salvation, thou hast covered my head in the day of battle."
Aspect1, Psalm 141:4 "Incline not my heart to any evil thing, to practise wicked works with men that work iniquity: and let me not eat of their dainties."
Aspect1, Psalm 145:6 "And men shall speak of the might of thy terrible acts: and I will declare thy greatness."
Aspect1, Proverbs 1:4 "To give subtilty to the simple, to the young man knowledge and discretion."
Aspect1, Proverbs 1:18 "And they lay wait for their own blood; they lurk privily for their own lives."
Aspect1, Proverbs 1:30 "They would none of my counsel: they despised all my reproof."
Aspect1, Proverbs 5:18 "Let thy fountain be blessed: and rejoice with the wife of thy youth."
Aspect1, Proverbs 5:23 "He shall die without instruction; and in the greatness of his folly he shall go astray."
Aspect1, Proverbs 6:29 "So he that goeth in to his neighbour's wife; whosoever toucheth her shall not be innocent."
Aspect1, Proverbs 6:33 "A wound and dishonour shall he get; and his reproach shall not be wiped away."
Aspect1, Proverbs 7:9 "In the twilight, in the evening, in the black and dark night:"
Aspect1, Proverbs 7:11 "(She is loud and stubborn; her feet abide not in her house:"
Aspect1, Proverbs 8:2 "She standeth in the top of high places, by the way in the places of the paths."
Aspect1, Proverbs 8:7 "For my mouth shall speak truth; and wickedness is an abomination to my lips."
Aspect1, Proverbs 8:25 "Before the mountains were settled, before the hills was I brought forth:"
Aspect1, Proverbs 8:29 "When he gave to the sea his decree, that the waters should not pass his commandment: when he appointed the foundations of the earth:"
Aspect1, Proverbs 10:2 "Treasures of wickedness profit nothing: but righteousness delivereth from death."
Aspect1, Proverbs 10:11 "The mouth of a righteous man is a well of life: but violence covereth the mouth of the wicked."
Aspect1, Proverbs 10:14 "Wise men lay up knowledge: but the mouth of the foolish is near destruction."
Aspect1, Proverbs 10:21 "The lips of the righteous feed many: but fools die for want of wisdom."
Aspect1, Proverbs 11:26 "He that withholdeth corn, the people shall curse him: but blessing shall be upon the head of him that selleth it."
Aspect1, Proverbs 12:3 "A man shall not be established by wickedness: but the root of the righteous shall not be moved."
Aspect1, Proverbs 12:7 "The wicked are overthrown, and are not: but the house of the righteous shall stand."
Aspect1, Proverbs 13:2 "A man shall eat good by the fruit of his mouth: but the soul of the transgressors shall eat violence."
Aspect1, Proverbs 13:6 "Righteousness keepeth him that is upright in the way: but wickedness overthroweth the sinner."
Aspect1, Proverbs 14:25 "A true witness delivereth souls: but a deceitful witness speaketh lies."
Aspect1, Proverbs 17:1 "Better is a dry morsel, and quietness therewith, than an house full of sacrifices with strife."
Aspect1, Proverbs 19:4 "Wealth maketh many friends; but the poor is separated from his neighbour."
Aspect1, Proverbs 19:6 "Many will intreat the favour of the prince: and every man is a friend to him that giveth gifts."
Aspect1, Proverbs 19:16 "He that keepeth the commandment keepeth his own soul; but he that despiseth his ways shall die."
Aspect1, Proverbs 19:28 "An ungodly witness scorneth judgment: and the mouth of the wicked devoureth iniquity."
Aspect1, Proverbs 22:13 "The slothful man saith, There is a lion without, I shall be slain in the streets."
Aspect1, Proverbs 22:29 "Seest thou a man diligent in his business? he shall stand before kings; he shall not stand before mean men."
Aspect1, Proverbs 24:10 "If thou faint in the day of adversity, thy strength is small."
Aspect1, Proverbs 24:32 "Then I saw, and considered it well: I looked upon it, and received instruction."
Aspect1, Proverbs 25:27 "It is not good to eat much honey: so for men to search their own glory is not glory."
Aspect1, Proverbs 27:23 "Be thou diligent to know the state of thy flocks, and look well to thy herds."
Aspect1, Proverbs 29:6 "In the transgression of an evil man there is a snare: but the righteous doth sing and rejoice."
Aspect1, Proverbs 30:20 "Such is the way of an adulterous woman; she eateth, and wipeth her mouth, and saith, I have done no wickedness."
Aspect1, Proverbs 31:8 "Open thy mouth for the dumb in the cause of all such as are appointed to destruction."
Aspect1, Proverbs 31:9 "Open thy mouth, judge righteously, and plead the cause of the poor and needy."
Aspect1, Proverbs 31:21 "She is not afraid of the snow for her household: for all her household are clothed with scarlet."
Aspect1, Proverbs 31:27 "She looketh well to the ways of her household, and eateth not the bread of idleness."
Aspect1, Ecclesiastes 3:14 "I know that, whatsoever God doeth, it shall be for ever: nothing can be put to it, nor any thing taken from it: and God doeth it, that men should fear before him."
Aspect1, Ecclesiastes 3:16 "And moreover I saw under the sun the place of judgment, that wickedness was there; and the place of righteousness, that iniquity was there."
Aspect1, Ecclesiastes 5:2 "Be not rash with thy mouth, and let not thine heart be hasty to utter any thing before God: for God is in heaven, and thou upon earth: therefore let thy words be few."
Aspect1, Ecclesiastes 8:12 "Though a sinner do evil an hundred times, and his days be prolonged, yet surely I know that it shall be well with them that fear God, which fear before him:"
Aspect1, Ecclesiastes 9:5 "For the living know that they shall die: but the dead know not any thing, neither have they any more a reward; for the memory of them is forgotten."
Aspect1, Ecclesiastes 11:8 "But if a man live many years, and rejoice in them all; yet let him remember the days of darkness; for they shall be many. All that cometh is vanity."
Aspect1, Ecclesiastes 12:3 "In the day when the keepers of the house shall tremble, and the strong men shall bow themselves, and the grinders cease because they are few, and those that look out of the windows be darkened,"
Aspect1, Ecclesiastes 12:9 "And moreover, because the preacher was wise, he still taught the people knowledge; yea, he gave good heed, and sought out, and set in order many proverbs."
Aspect1, Ecclesiastes 12:14 "For God shall bring every work into judgment, with every secret thing, whether it be good, or whether it be evil."
Aspect1, Song of Solomon 1:10 "Thy cheeks are comely with rows of jewels, thy neck with chains of gold."
Aspect1, Song of Solomon 2:17 "Until the day break, and the shadows flee away, turn, my beloved, and be thou like a roe or a young hart upon the mountains of Bether."
Aspect1, Song of Solomon 4:4 "Thy neck is like the tower of David builded for an armoury, whereon there hang a thousand bucklers, all shields of mighty men."
Aspect1, Song of Solomon 6:9 "My dove, my undefiled is but one; she is the only one of her mother, she is the choice one of her that bare her. The daughters saw her, and blessed her; yea, the queens and the concubines, and they praised her."
Aspect1, Song of Solomon 7:9 "And the roof of thy mouth like the best wine for my beloved, that goeth down sweetly, causing the lips of those that are asleep to speak."
Aspect1, Isaiah 1:27 "Zion shall be redeemed with judgment, and her converts with righteousness."
Aspect1, Isaiah 2:4 "And he shall judge among the nations, and shall rebuke many people: and they shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruninghooks: nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more."
Aspect1, Isaiah 2:12 "For the day of the LORD of hosts shall be upon every one that is proud and lofty, and upon every one that is lifted up; and he shall be brought low:"
Aspect1, Isaiah 2:14 "And upon all the high mountains, and upon all the hills that are lifted up,"
Aspect1, Isaiah 2:18 "And the idols he shall utterly abolish."
Aspect1, Isaiah 2:20 "In that day a man shall cast his idols of silver, and his idols of gold, which they made each one for himself to worship, to the moles and to the bats;"
Aspect1, Isaiah 3:5 "And the people shall be oppressed, every one by another, and every one by his neighbour: the child shall behave himself proudly against the ancient, and the base against the honourable."
Aspect1, Isaiah 3:19 "The chains, and the bracelets, and the mufflers,"
Aspect1, Isaiah 5:8 "Woe unto them that join house to house, that lay field to field, till there be no place, that they may be placed alone in the midst of the earth!"
Aspect1, Isaiah 6:12 "And the LORD have removed men far away, and there be a great forsaking in the midst of the land."
Aspect1, Isaiah 7:15 "Butter and honey shall he eat, that he may know to refuse the evil, and choose the good."
Aspect1, Isaiah 9:17 "Therefore the LORD shall have no joy in their young men, neither shall have mercy on their fatherless and widows: for every one is an hypocrite and an evildoer, and every mouth speaketh folly. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still."
Aspect1, Isaiah 10:4 "Without me they shall bow down under the prisoners, and they shall fall under the slain. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still."
Aspect1, Isaiah 11:6 "The wolf also shall dwell with the lamb, and the leopard shall lie down with the kid; and the calf and the young lion and the fatling together; and a little child shall lead them."
Aspect1, Isaiah 11:7 "And the cow and the bear shall feed; their young ones shall lie down together: and the lion shall eat straw like the ox."
Aspect1, Isaiah 11:8 "And the sucking child shall play on the hole of the asp, and the weaned child shall put his hand on the cockatrice' den."
Aspect1, Isaiah 11:16 "And there shall be an highway for the remnant of his people, which shall be left, from Assyria; like as it was to Israel in the day that he came up out of the land of Egypt."
Aspect1, Isaiah 13:8 "And they shall be afraid: pangs and sorrows shall take hold of them; they shall be in pain as a woman that travaileth: they shall be amazed one at another; their faces shall be as flames."
Aspect1, Isaiah 13:14 "And it shall be as the chased roe, and as a sheep that no man taketh up: they shall every man turn to his own people, and flee every one into his own land."
Aspect1, Isaiah 14:19 "But thou art cast out of thy grave like an abominable branch, and as the raiment of those that are slain, thrust through with a sword, that go down to the stones of the pit; as a carcase trodden under feet."
Aspect1, Isaiah 15:6 "For the waters of Nimrim shall be desolate: for the hay is withered away, the grass faileth, there is no green thing."
Aspect1, Isaiah 16:5 "And in mercy shall the throne be established: and he shall sit upon it in truth in the tabernacle of David, judging, and seeking judgment, and hasting righteousness."
Aspect1, Isaiah 17:13 "The nations shall rush like the rushing of many waters: but God shall rebuke them, and they shall flee far off, and shall be chased as the chaff of the mountains before the wind, and like a rolling thing before the whirlwind."
Aspect1, Isaiah 19:7 "The paper reeds by the brooks, by the mouth of the brooks, and every thing sown by the brooks, shall wither, be driven away, and be no more."
Aspect1, Isaiah 19:24 "In that day shall Israel be the third with Egypt and with Assyria, even a blessing in the midst of the land:"
Aspect1, Isaiah 23:5 "As at the report concerning Egypt, so shall they be sorely pained at the report of Tyre."
Aspect1, Isaiah 24:13 "When thus it shall be in the midst of the land among the people, there shall be as the shaking of an olive tree, and as the gleaning grapes when the vintage is done."
Aspect1, Isaiah 24:18 "And it shall come to pass, that he who fleeth from the noise of the fear shall fall into the pit; and he that cometh up out of the midst of the pit shall be taken in the snare: for the windows from on high are open, and the foundations of the earth do shake."
Aspect1, Isaiah 24:22 "And they shall be gathered together, as prisoners are gathered in the pit, and shall be shut up in the prison, and after many days shall they be visited."
Aspect1, Isaiah 26:10 "Let favour be shewed to the wicked, yet will he not learn righteousness: in the land of uprightness will he deal unjustly, and will not behold the majesty of the LORD."
Aspect1, Isaiah 26:19 "Thy dead men shall live, together with my dead body shall they arise. Awake and sing, ye that dwell in dust: for thy dew is as the dew of herbs, and the earth shall cast out the dead."
Aspect1, Isaiah 28:17 "Judgment also will I lay to the line, and righteousness to the plummet: and the hail shall sweep away the refuge of lies, and the waters shall overflow the hiding place."
Aspect1, Isaiah 28:20 "For the bed is shorter than that a man can stretch himself on it: and the covering narrower than that he can wrap himself in it."
Aspect1, Isaiah 29:13 "Wherefore the Lord said, Forasmuch as this people draw near me with their mouth, and with their lips do honour me, but have removed their heart far from me, and their fear toward me is taught by the precept of men:"
Aspect1, Isaiah 32:1 "Behold, a king shall reign in righteousness, and princes shall rule in judgment."
Aspect1, Isaiah 33:16 "He shall dwell on high: his place of defence shall be the munitions of rocks: bread shall be given him; his waters shall be sure."
Aspect1, Isaiah 33:24 "And the inhabitant shall not say, I am sick: the people that dwell therein shall be forgiven their iniquity."
Aspect1, Isaiah 34:4 "And all the host of heaven shall be dissolved, and the heavens shall be rolled together as a scroll: and all their host shall fall down, as the leaf falleth off from the vine, and as a falling fig from the fig tree."
Aspect1, Isaiah 40:4 "Every valley shall be exalted, and every mountain and hill shall be made low: and the crooked shall be made straight, and the rough places plain:"
Aspect1, Isaiah 41:18 "I will open rivers in high places, and fountains in the midst of the valleys: I will make the wilderness a pool of water, and the dry land springs of water."
Aspect1, Isaiah 42:17 "They shall be turned back, they shall be greatly ashamed, that trust in graven images, that say to the molten images, Ye are our gods."
Aspect1, Isaiah 44:7 "And who, as I, shall call, and shall declare it, and set it in order for me, since I appointed the ancient people? and the things that are coming, and shall come, let them shew unto them."
Aspect1, Isaiah 44:11 "Behold, all his fellows shall be ashamed: and the workmen, they are of men: let them all be gathered together, let them stand up; yet they shall fear, and they shall be ashamed together."
Aspect1, Isaiah 45:23 "I have sworn by myself, the word is gone out of my mouth in righteousness, and shall not return, That unto me every knee shall bow, every tongue shall swear."
Aspect1, Isaiah 46:6 "They lavish gold out of the bag, and weigh silver in the balance, and hire a goldsmith; and he maketh it a god: they fall down, yea, they worship."
Aspect1, Isaiah 50:1 "Thus saith the LORD, Where is the bill of your mother's divorcement, whom I have put away? or which of my creditors is it to whom I have sold you? Behold, for your iniquities have ye sold yourselves, and for your transgressions is your mother put away."
Aspect1, Isaiah 52:3 "For thus saith the LORD, Ye have sold yourselves for nought; and ye shall be redeemed without money."
Aspect1, Isaiah 52:4 "For thus saith the Lord GOD, My people went down aforetime into Egypt to sojourn there; and the Assyrian oppressed them without cause."
Aspect1, Isaiah 52:6 "Therefore my people shall know my name: therefore they shall know in that day that I am he that doth speak: behold, it is I."
Aspect1, Isaiah 52:13 "Behold, my servant shall deal prudently, he shall be exalted and extolled, and be very high."
Aspect1, Isaiah 57:17 "For the iniquity of his covetousness was I wroth, and smote him: I hid me, and was wroth, and he went on frowardly in the way of his heart."
Aspect1, Isaiah 58:2 "Yet they seek me daily, and delight to know my ways, as a nation that did righteousness, and forsook not the ordinance of their God: they ask of me the ordinances of justice; they take delight in approaching to God."
Aspect1, Isaiah 59:6 "Their webs shall not become garments, neither shall they cover themselves with their works: their works are works of iniquity, and the act of violence is in their hands."
Aspect1, Isaiah 63:10 "But they rebelled, and vexed his holy Spirit: therefore he was turned to be their enemy, and he fought against them."
Aspect1, Isaiah 65:19 "And I will rejoice in Jerusalem, and joy in my people: and the voice of weeping shall be no more heard in her, nor the voice of crying."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 4:24 "I beheld the mountains, and, lo, they trembled, and all the hills moved lightly."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 5:6 "Wherefore a lion out of the forest shall slay them, and a wolf of the evenings shall spoil them, a leopard shall watch over their cities: every one that goeth out thence shall be torn in pieces: because their transgressions are many, and their backslidings are increased."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 5:27 "As a cage is full of birds, so are their houses full of deceit: therefore they are become great, and waxen rich."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 5:30 "A wonderful and horrible thing is committed in the land;"
Aspect1, Jeremiah 6:11 "Therefore I am full of the fury of the LORD; I am weary with holding in: I will pour it out upon the children abroad, and upon the assembly of young men together: for even the husband with the wife shall be taken, the aged with him that is full of days."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 6:28 "They are all grievous revolters, walking with slanders: they are brass and iron; they are all corrupters."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 7:3 "Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, Amend your ways and your doings, and I will cause you to dwell in this place."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 7:12 "But go ye now unto my place which was in Shiloh, where I set my name at the first, and see what I did to it for the wickedness of my people Israel."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 8:5 "Why then is this people of Jerusalem slidden back by a perpetual backsliding? they hold fast deceit, they refuse to return."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 9:22 "Speak, Thus saith the LORD, Even the carcases of men shall fall as dung upon the open field, and as the handful after the harvestman, and none shall gather them."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 9:23 "Thus saith the LORD, Let not the wise man glory in his wisdom, neither let the mighty man glory in his might, let not the rich man glory in his riches:"
Aspect1, Jeremiah 10:17 "Gather up thy wares out of the land, O inhabitant of the fortress."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 12:16 "And it shall come to pass, if they will diligently learn the ways of my people, to swear by my name, The LORD liveth; as they taught my people to swear by Baal; then shall they be built in the midst of my people."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 16:16 "Behold, I will send for many fishers, saith the LORD, and they shall fish them; and after will I send for many hunters, and they shall hunt them from every mountain, and from every hill, and out of the holes of the rocks."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 17:2 "Whilst their children remember their altars and their groves by the green trees upon the high hills."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 18:2 "Arise, and go down to the potter's house, and there I will cause thee to hear my words."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 18:23 "Yet, LORD, thou knowest all their counsel against me to slay me: forgive not their iniquity, neither blot out their sin from thy sight, but let them be overthrown before thee; deal thus with them in the time of thine anger."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 19:1 "Thus saith the LORD, Go and get a potter's earthen bottle, and take of the ancients of the people, and of the ancients of the priests;"
Aspect1, Jeremiah 23:10 "For the land is full of adulterers; for because of swearing the land mourneth; the pleasant places of the wilderness are dried up, and their course is evil, and their force is not right."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 23:22 "But if they had stood in my counsel, and had caused my people to hear my words, then they should have turned them from their evil way, and from the evil of their doings."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 26:18 "Micah the Morasthite prophesied in the days of Hezekiah king of Judah, and spake to all the people of Judah, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Zion shall be plowed like a field, and Jerusalem shall become heaps, and the mountain of the house as the high places of a forest."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 29:8 "For thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Let not your prophets and your diviners, that be in the midst of you, deceive you, neither hearken to your dreams which ye cause to be dreamed."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 31:30 "But every one shall die for his own iniquity: every man that eateth the sour grape, his teeth shall be set on edge."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 32:22 "And hast given them this land, which thou didst swear to their fathers to give them, a land flowing with milk and honey;"
Aspect1, Jeremiah 33:14 "Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will perform that good thing which I have promised unto the house of Israel and to the house of Judah."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 33:24 "Considerest thou not what this people have spoken, saying, The two families which the LORD hath chosen, he hath even cast them off? thus they have despised my people, that they should be no more a nation before them."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 37:9 "Thus saith the LORD; Deceive not yourselves, saying, The Chaldeans shall surely depart from us: for they shall not depart."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 37:16 "When Jeremiah was entered into the dungeon, and into the cabins, and Jeremiah had remained there many days;"
Aspect1, Jeremiah 41:17 "And they departed, and dwelt in the habitation of Chimham, which is by Bethlehem, to go to enter into Egypt,"
Aspect1, Jeremiah 44:5 "But they hearkened not, nor inclined their ear to turn from their wickedness, to burn no incense unto other gods."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 44:15 "Then all the men which knew that their wives had burned incense unto other gods, and all the women that stood by, a great multitude, even all the people that dwelt in the land of Egypt, in Pathros, answered Jeremiah, saying,"
Aspect1, Jeremiah 48:9 "Give wings unto Moab, that it may flee and get away: for the cities thereof shall be desolate, without any to dwell therein."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 48:13 "And Moab shall be ashamed of Chemosh, as the house of Israel was ashamed of Bethel their confidence."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 49:26 "Therefore her young men shall fall in her streets, and all the men of war shall be cut off in that day, saith the LORD of hosts."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 49:28 "Concerning Kedar, and concerning the kingdoms of Hazor, which Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon shall smite, thus saith the LORD; Arise ye, go up to Kedar, and spoil the men of the east."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 50:22 "A sound of battle is in the land, and of great destruction."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 50:30 "Therefore shall her young men fall in the streets, and all her men of war shall be cut off in that day, saith the LORD."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 50:39 "Therefore the wild beasts of the desert with the wild beasts of the islands shall dwell there, and the owls shall dwell therein: and it shall be no more inhabited for ever; neither shall it be dwelt in from generation to generation."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 50:41 "Behold, a people shall come from the north, and a great nation, and many kings shall be raised up from the coasts of the earth."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 51:2 "And will send unto Babylon fanners, that shall fan her, and shall empty her land: for in the day of trouble they shall be against her round about."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 51:4 "Thus the slain shall fall in the land of the Chaldeans, and they that are thrust through in her streets."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 51:37 "And Babylon shall become heaps, a dwellingplace for dragons, an astonishment, and an hissing, without an inhabitant."
Aspect1, Jeremiah 51:47 "Therefore, behold, the days come, that I will do judgment upon the graven images of Babylon: and her whole land shall be confounded, and all her slain shall fall in the midst of her."
Aspect1, Lamentations 1:1 "How doth the city sit solitary, that was full of people! how is she become as a widow! she that was great among the nations, and princess among the provinces, how is she become tributary!"
Aspect1, Lamentations 4:1 "How is the gold become dim! how is the most fine gold changed! the stones of the sanctuary are poured out in the top of every street."
Aspect1, Lamentations 5:15 "The joy of our heart is ceased; our dance is turned into mourning."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 1:11 "Thus were their faces: and their wings were stretched upward; two wings of every one were joined one to another, and two covered their bodies."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 1:18 "As for their rings, they were so high that they were dreadful; and their rings were full of eyes round about them four."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 2:10 "And he spread it before me; and it was written within and without: and there was written therein lamentations, and mourning, and woe."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 3:2 "So I opened my mouth, and he caused me to eat that roll."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 3:9 "As an adamant harder than flint have I made thy forehead: fear them not, neither be dismayed at their looks, though they be a rebellious house."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 3:20 "Again, When a righteous man doth turn from his righteousness, and commit iniquity, and I lay a stumbling-block before him, he shall die: because thou hast not given him warning, he shall die in his sin, and his righteousness which he hath done shall not be remembered; but his blood will I require at thine hand."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 5:5 "Thus saith the Lord GOD; This is Jerusalem: I have set it in the midst of the nations and countries that are round about her."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 6:7 "And the slain shall fall in the midst of you, and ye shall know that I am the LORD."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 6:13 "Then shall ye know that I am the LORD, when their slain men shall be among their idols round about their altars, upon every high hill, in all the tops of the mountains, and under every green tree, and under every thick oak, the place where they did offer sweet savour to all their idols."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 8:10 "So I went in and saw; and behold every form of creeping things, and abominable beasts, and all the idols of the house of Israel, pourtrayed upon the wall round about."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 8:11 "And there stood before them seventy men of the ancients of the house of Israel, and in the midst of them stood Jaazaniah the son of Shaphan, with every man his censer in his hand; and a thick cloud of incense went up."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 12:19 "And say unto the people of the land, Thus saith the Lord GOD of the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and of the land of Israel; They shall eat their bread with carefulness, and drink their water with astonishment, that her land may be desolate from all that is therein, because of the violence of all them that dwell therein."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 13:4 "O Israel, thy prophets are like the foxes in the deserts."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 13:5 "Ye have not gone up into the gaps, neither made up the hedge for the house of Israel to stand in the battle in the day of the LORD."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 13:18 "And say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Woe to the women that sew pillows to all armholes, and make kerchiefs upon the head of every stature to hunt souls! Will ye hunt the souls of my people, and will ye save the souls alive that come unto you?"
Aspect1, Ezekiel 13:19 "And will ye pollute me among my people for handfuls of barley and for pieces of bread, to slay the souls that should not die, and to save the souls alive that should not live, by your lying to my people that hear your lies?"
Aspect1, Ezekiel 14:7 "For every one of the house of Israel, or of the stranger that sojourneth in Israel, which separateth himself from me, and setteth up his idols in his heart, and putteth the stumblingblock of his iniquity before his face, and cometh to a prophet to enquire of him concerning me; I the LORD will answer him by myself:"
Aspect1, Ezekiel 17:9 "Say thou, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Shall it prosper? shall he not pull up the roots thereof, and cut off the fruit thereof, that it wither? it shall wither in all the leaves of her spring, even without great power or many people to pluck it up by the roots thereof."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 17:22 "Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will also take of the highest branch of the high cedar, and will set it; I will crop off from the top of his young twigs a tender one, and will plant it upon an high mountain and eminent:"
Aspect1, Ezekiel 18:30 "Therefore I will judge you, O house of Israel, every one according to his ways, saith the Lord GOD. Repent, and turn yourselves from all your transgressions; so iniquity shall not be your ruin."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 19:3 "And she brought up one of her whelps: it became a young lion, and it learned to catch the prey; it devoured men."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 20:13 "But the house of Israel rebelled against me in the wilderness: they walked not in my statutes, and they despised my judgments, which if a man do, he shall even live in them; and my sabbaths they greatly polluted: then I said, I would pour out my fury upon them in the wilderness, to consume them."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 22:25 "There is a conspiracy of her prophets in the midst thereof, like a roaring lion ravening the prey; they have devoured souls; they have taken the treasure and precious things; they have made her many widows in the midst thereof."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 22:27 "Her princes in the midst thereof are like wolves ravening the prey, to shed blood, and to destroy souls, to get dishonest gain."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 23:7 "Thus she committed her whoredoms with them, with all them that were the chosen men of Assyria, and with all on whom she doted: with all their idols she defiled herself."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 23:47 "And the company shall stone them with stones, and dispatch them with their swords; they shall slay their sons and their daughters, and burn up their houses with fire."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 24:21 "Speak unto the house of Israel, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will profane my sanctuary, the excellency of your strength, the desire of your eyes, and that which your soul pitieth; and your sons and your daughters whom ye have left shall fall by the sword."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 25:10 "Unto the men of the east with the Ammonites, and will give them in possession, that the Ammonites may not be remembered among the nations."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 26:5 "It shall be a place for the spreading of nets in the midst of the sea: for I have spoken it, saith the Lord GOD: and it shall become a spoil to the nations."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 27:13 "Javan, Tubal, and Meshech, they were thy merchants: they traded the persons of men and vessels of brass in thy market."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 27:15 "The men of Dedan were thy merchants; many isles were the merchandise of thine hand: they brought thee for a present horns of ivory and ebony."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 29:15 "It shall be the basest of the kingdoms; neither shall it exalt itself any more above the nations: for I will diminish them, that they shall no more rule over the nations."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 31:7 "Thus was he fair in his greatness, in the length of his branches: for his root was by great waters."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 31:10 "Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thou hast lifted up thyself in height, and he hath shot up his top among the thick boughs, and his heart is lifted up in his height;"
Aspect1, Ezekiel 31:13 "Upon his ruin shall all the fowls of the heaven remain, and all the beasts of the field shall be upon his branches:"
Aspect1, Ezekiel 32:15 "When I shall make the land of Egypt desolate, and the country shall be destitute of that whereof it was full, when I shall smite all them that dwell therein, then shall they know that I am the LORD."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 33:12 "Therefore, thou son of man, say unto the children of thy people, The righteousness of the righteous shall not deliver him in the day of his transgression: as for the wickedness of the wicked, he shall not fall thereby in the day that he turneth from his wickedness; neither shall the righteous be able to live for his righteousness in the day that he sinneth."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 33:13 "When I shall say to the righteous, that he shall surely live; if he trust to his own righteousness, and commit iniquity, all his righteousnesses shall not be remembered; but for his iniquity that he hath committed, he shall die for it."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 33:27 "Say thou thus unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; As I live, surely they that are in the wastes shall fall by the sword, and him that is in the open field will I give to the beasts to be devoured, and they that be in the forts and in the caves shall die of the pestilence."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 34:5 "And they were scattered, because there is no shepherd: and they became meat to all the beasts of the field, when they were scattered."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 36:3 "Therefore prophesy and say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because they have made you desolate, and swallowed you up on every side, that ye might be a possession unto the residue of the heathen, and ye are taken up in the lips of talkers, and are an infamy of the people:"
Aspect1, Ezekiel 36:18 "Wherefore I poured my fury upon them for the blood that they had shed upon the land, and for their idols wherewith they had polluted it:"
Aspect1, Ezekiel 36:37 "Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will yet for this be enquired of by the house of Israel, to do it for them; I will increase them with men like a flock."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 37:2 "And caused me to pass by them round about: and, behold, there were very many in the open valley; and, lo, they were very dry."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 39:13 "Yea, all the people of the land shall bury them; and it shall be to them a renown the day that I shall be glorified, saith the Lord GOD."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 39:23 "And the heathen shall know that the house of Israel went into captivity for their iniquity: because they trespassed against me, therefore hid I my face from them, and gave them into the hand of their enemies: so fell they all by the sword."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 40:16 "And there were narrow windows to the little chambers, and to their posts within the gate round about, and likewise to the arches: and windows were round about inward: and upon each post were palm trees."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 43:7 "And he said unto me, Son of man, the place of my throne, and the place of the soles of my feet, where I will dwell in the midst of the children of Israel for ever, and my holy name, shall the house of Israel no more defile, neither they, nor their kings, by their whoredom, nor by the carcases of their kings in their high places."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 44:11 "Yet they shall be ministers in my sanctuary, having charge at the gates of the house, and ministering to the house: they shall slay the burnt offering and the sacrifice for the people, and they shall stand before them to minister unto them."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 44:12 "Because they ministered unto them before their idols, and caused the house of Israel to fall into iniquity; therefore have I lifted up mine hand against them, saith the Lord GOD, and they shall bear their iniquity."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 44:18 "They shall have linen bonnets upon their heads, and shall have linen breeches upon their loins; they shall not gird themselves with any thing that causeth sweat."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 44:22 "Neither shall they take for their wives a widow, nor her that is put away: but they shall take maidens of the seed of the house of Israel, or a widow that had a priest before."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 44:24 "And in controversy they shall stand in judgment; and they shall judge it according to my judgments: and they shall keep my laws and my statutes in all mine assemblies; and they shall hallow my sabbaths."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 44:31 "The priests shall not eat of any thing that is dead of itself, or torn, whether it be fowl or beast."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 45:8 "In the land shall be his possession in Israel: and my princes shall no more oppress my people; and the rest of the land shall they give to the house of Israel according to their tribes."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 45:16 "All the people of the land shall give this oblation for the prince in Israel."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 46:15 "Thus shall they prepare the lamb, and the meat offering, and the oil, every morning for a continual burnt offering."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 46:23 "And there was a row of building round about in them, round about them four, and it was made with boiling places under the rows round about."
Aspect1, Ezekiel 48:13 "And over against the border of the priests the Levites shall have five and twenty thousand in length, and ten thousand in breadth: all the length shall be five and twenty thousand, and the breadth ten thousand."
Aspect1, Daniel 2:48 "Then the king made Daniel a great man, and gave him many great gifts, and made him ruler over the whole province of Babylon, and chief of the governors over all the wise men of Babylon."
Aspect1, Daniel 4:5 "I saw a dream which made me afraid, and the thoughts upon my bed and the visions of my head troubled me."
Aspect1, Daniel 4:10 "Thus were the visions of mine head in my bed; I saw, and behold a tree in the midst of the earth, and the height thereof was great."
Aspect1, Daniel 7:9 "I beheld till the thrones were cast down, and the Ancient of days did sit, whose garment was white as snow, and the hair of his head like the pure wool: his throne was like the fiery flame, and his wheels as burning fire."
Aspect1, Daniel 7:10 "A fiery stream issued and came forth from before him: thousand thousands ministered unto him, and ten thousand times ten thousand stood before him: the judgment was set, and the books were opened."
Aspect1, Daniel 7:15 "I Daniel was grieved in my spirit in the midst of my body, and the visions of my head troubled me."
Aspect1, Daniel 7:21 "I beheld, and the same horn made war with the saints, and prevailed against them;"
Aspect1, Daniel 10:12 "Then said he unto me, Fear not, Daniel: for from the first day that thou didst set thine heart to understand, and to chasten thyself before thy God, thy words were heard, and I am come for thy words."
Aspect1, Daniel 11:3 "And a mighty king shall stand up, that shall rule with great dominion, and do according to his will."
Aspect1, Daniel 11:12 "And when he hath taken away the multitude, his heart shall be lifted up; and he shall cast down many ten thousands: but he shall not be strengthened by it."
Aspect1, Daniel 11:20 "Then shall stand up in his estate a raiser of taxes in the glory of the kingdom: but within few days he shall be destroyed, neither in anger, nor in battle."
Aspect1, Daniel 11:25 "And he shall stir up his power and his courage against the king of the south with a great army; and the king of the south shall be stirred up to battle with a very great and mighty army; but he shall not stand: for they shall forecast devices against him."
Aspect1, Daniel 11:27 "And both of these kings' hearts shall be to do mischief, and they shall speak lies at one table; but it shall not prosper: for yet the end shall be at the time appointed."
Aspect1, Daniel 11:31 "And arms shall stand on his part, and they shall pollute the sanctuary of strength, and shall take away the daily sacrifice, and they shall place the abomination that maketh desolate."
Aspect1, Daniel 11:33 "And they that understand among the people shall instruct many: yet they shall fall by the sword, and by flame, by captivity, and by spoil, many days."
Aspect1, Daniel 11:34 "Now when they shall fall, they shall be holpen with a little help: but many shall cleave to them with flatteries."
Aspect1, Daniel 11:36 "And the king shall do according to his will; and he shall exalt himself, and magnify himself above every god, and shall speak marvellous things against the God of gods, and shall prosper till the indignation be accomplished: for that that is determined shall be done."
Aspect1, Hosea 7:1 "When I would have healed Israel, then the iniquity of Ephraim was discovered, and the wickedness of Samaria: for they commit falsehood; and the thief cometh in, and the troop of robbers spoileth without."
Aspect1, Hosea 9:6 "For, lo, they are gone because of destruction: Egypt shall gather them up, Memphis shall bury them: the pleasant places for their silver, nettles shall possess them: thorns shall be in their tabernacles."
Aspect1, Hosea 9:11 "As for Ephraim, their glory shall fly away like a bird, from the birth, and from the womb, and from the conception."
Aspect1, Hosea 9:15 "All their wickedness is in Gilgal: for there I hated them: for the wickedness of their doings I will drive them out of mine house, I will love them no more: all their princes are revolters."
Aspect1, Hosea 11:11 "They shall tremble as a bird out of Egypt, and as a dove out of the land of Assyria: and I will place them in their houses, saith the LORD."
Aspect1, Hosea 13:16 "Samaria shall become desolate; for she hath rebelled against her God: they shall fall by the sword: their infants shall be dashed in pieces, and their women with child shall be ripped up."
Aspect1, Hosea 14:4 "I will heal their backsliding, I will love them freely: for mine anger is turned away from him."
Aspect1, Joel 2:7 "They shall run like mighty men; they shall climb the wall like men of war; and they shall march every one on his ways, and they shall not break their ranks:"
Aspect1, Joel 3:13 "Put ye in the sickle, for the harvest is ripe: come, get you down; for the press is full, the fats overflow; for their wickedness is great."
Aspect1, Amos 2:11 "And I raised up of your sons for prophets, and of your young men for Nazarites. Is it not even thus, O ye children of Israel? saith the LORD."
Aspect1, Amos 2:13 "Behold, I am pressed under you, as a cart is pressed that is full of sheaves."
Aspect1, Amos 3:3 "Can two walk together, except they be agreed?"
Aspect1, Amos 3:9 "Publish in the palaces at Ashdod, and in the palaces in the land of Egypt, and say, Assemble yourselves upon the mountains of Samaria, and behold the great tumults in the midst thereof, and the oppressed in the midst thereof."
Aspect1, Amos 8:3 "And the songs of the temple shall be howlings in that day, saith the Lord GOD: there shall be many dead bodies in every place; they shall cast them forth with silence."
Aspect1, Amos 9:9 "For, lo, I will command, and I will sift the house of Israel among all nations, like as corn is sifted in a sieve, yet shall not the least grain fall upon the earth."
Aspect1, Jonah 3:9 "Who can tell if God will turn and repent, and turn away from his fierce anger, that we perish not?"
Aspect1, Micah 3:12 "Therefore shall Zion for your sake be plowed as a field, and Jerusalem shall become heaps, and the mountain of the house as the high places of the forest."
Aspect1, Micah 4:3 "And he shall judge among many people, and rebuke strong nations afar off; and they shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruninghooks: nation shall not lift up a sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more."
Aspect1, Micah 5:8 "And the remnant of Jacob shall be among the Gentiles in the midst of many people as a lion among the beasts of the forest, as a young lion among the flocks of sheep: who, if he go through, both treadeth down, and teareth in pieces, and none can deliver."
Aspect1, Micah 7:13 "Notwithstanding the land shall be desolate because of them that dwell therein, for the fruit of their doings."
Aspect1, Micah 7:14 "Feed thy people with thy rod, the flock of thine heritage, which dwell solitarily in the wood, in the midst of Carmel: let them feed in Bashan and Gilead, as in the days of old."
Aspect1, Nahum 1:5 "The mountains quake at him, and the hills melt, and the earth is burned at his presence, yea, the world, and all that dwell therein."
Aspect1, Nahum 1:6 "Who can stand before his indignation? and who can abide in the fierceness of his anger? his fury is poured out like fire, and the rocks are thrown down by him."
Aspect1, Nahum 1:10 "For while they be folden together as thorns, and while they are drunken as drunkards, they shall be devoured as stubble fully dry."
Aspect1, Nahum 1:12 "Thus saith the LORD; Though they be quiet, and likewise many, yet thus shall they be cut down, when he shall pass through. Though I have afflicted thee, I will afflict thee no more."
Aspect1, Nahum 2:8 "But Nineveh is of old like a pool of water: yet they shall flee away. Stand, stand, shall they cry; but none shall look back."
Aspect1, Nahum 3:10 "Yet was she carried away, she went into captivity: her young children also were dashed in pieces at the top of all the streets: and they cast lots for her honourable men, and all her great men were bound in chains."
Aspect1, Habakkuk 1:6 "For, lo, I raise up the Chaldeans, that bitter and hasty nation, which shall march through the breadth of the land, to possess the dwellingplaces that are not their's."
Aspect1, Habakkuk 1:10 "And they shall scoff at the kings, and the princes shall be a scorn unto them: they shall deride every strong hold; for they shall heap dust, and take it."
Aspect1, Habakkuk 1:17 "Shall they therefore empty their net, and not spare continually to slay the nations?"
Aspect1, Habakkuk 2:10 "Thou hast consulted shame to thy house by cutting off many people, and hast sinned against thy soul."
Aspect1, Zephaniah 2:9 "Therefore as I live, saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, Surely Moab shall be as Sodom, and the children of Ammon as Gomorrah, even the breeding of nettles, and saltpits, and a perpetual desolation: the residue of my people shall spoil them, and the remnant of my people shall possess them."
Aspect1, Zephaniah 3:5 "The just LORD is in the midst thereof; he will not do iniquity: every morning doth he bring his judgment to light, he faileth not; but the unjust knoweth no shame."
Aspect1, Zechariah 3:10 "In that day, saith the LORD of hosts, shall ye call every man his neighbour under the vine and under the fig tree."
Aspect1, Zechariah 8:4 "Thus saith the LORD of hosts; There shall yet old men and old women dwell in the streets of Jerusalem, and every man with his staff in his hand for very age."
Aspect1, Zechariah 11:16 "For, lo, I will raise up a shepherd in the land, which shall not visit those that be cut off, neither shall seek the young one, nor heal that that is broken, nor feed that that standeth still: but he shall eat the flesh of the fat, and tear their claws in pieces."
Aspect1, Zechariah 12:12 "And the land shall mourn, every family apart; the family of the house of David apart, and their wives apart; the family of the house of Nathan apart, and their wives apart;"
Aspect1, Zechariah 13:4 "And it shall come to pass in that day, that the prophets shall be ashamed every one of his vision, when he hath prophesied; neither shall they wear a rough garment to deceive:"
Aspect1, Zechariah 14:11 "And men shall dwell in it, and there shall be no more utter destruction; but Jerusalem shall be safely inhabited."
Aspect1, Malachi 2:14 "Yet ye say, Wherefore? Because the LORD hath been witness between thee and the wife of thy youth, against whom thou hast dealt treacherously: yet is she thy companion, and the wife of thy covenant."
Aspect1, Malachi 3:2 "But who may abide the day of his coming? and who shall stand when he appeareth? for he is like a refiner's fire, and like fullers' soap:"
Aspect1, Malachi 3:12 "And all nations shall call you blessed: for ye shall be a delightsome land, saith the LORD of hosts."
Aspect1, Malachi 4:1 "For, behold, the day cometh, that shall burn as an oven; and all the proud, yea, and all that do wickedly, shall be stubble: and the day that cometh shall burn them up, saith the LORD of hosts, that it shall leave them neither root nor branch."
Aspect1, Matthew 2:1 "Now when Jesus was born in Bethlehem of Judaea in the days of Herod the king, behold, there came wise men from the east to Jerusalem,"
Aspect1, Matthew 2:9 "When they had heard the king, they departed; and, lo, the star, which they saw in the east, went before them, till it came and stood over where the young child was."
Aspect1, Matthew 2:11 "And when they were come into the house, they saw the young child with Mary his mother, and fell down, and worshipped him: and when they had opened their treasures, they presented unto him gifts; gold, and frankincense and myrrh."
Aspect1, Matthew 2:20 "Saying, Arise, and take the young child and his mother, and go into the land of Israel: for they are dead which sought the young child's life."
Aspect1, Matthew 2:21 "And he arose, and took the young child and his mother, and came into the land of Israel."
Aspect1, Matthew 4:24 "And his fame went throughout all Syria: and they brought unto him all sick people that were taken with divers diseases and torments, and those which were possessed with devils, and those which were lunatick, and those that had the palsy; and he healed them."
Aspect1, Matthew 5:4 "Blessed are they that mourn: for they shall be comforted."
Aspect1, Matthew 5:6 "Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for they shall be filled."
Aspect1, Matthew 5:10 "Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness' sake: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven."
Aspect1, Matthew 5:11 "Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake."
Aspect1, Matthew 6:30 "Wherefore, if God so clothe the grass of the field, which to day is, and to morrow is cast into the oven, shall he not much more clothe you, O ye of little faith?"
Aspect1, Matthew 9:7 "And he arose, and departed to his house."
Aspect1, Matthew 10:9 "Provide neither gold, nor silver, nor brass in your purses,"
Aspect1, Matthew 10:26 "Fear them not therefore: for there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed; and hid, that shall not be known."
Aspect1, Matthew 10:36 "And a man's foes shall be they of his own household."
Aspect1, Matthew 11:6 "And blessed is he, whosoever shall not be offended in me."
Aspect1, Matthew 11:13 "For all the prophets and the law prophesied until John."
Aspect1, Matthew 12:4 "How he entered into the house of God, and did eat the shewbread, which was not lawful for him to eat, neither for them which were with him, but only for the priests?"
Aspect1, Matthew 12:12 "How much then is a man better than a sheep? Wherefore it is lawful to do well on the sabbath days."
Aspect1, Matthew 12:46 "While he yet talked to the people, behold, his mother and his brethren stood without, desiring to speak with him."
Aspect1, Matthew 13:4 "And when he sowed, some seeds fell by the way side, and the fowls came and devoured them up:"
Aspect1, Matthew 13:46 "Who, when he had found one pearl of great price, went and sold all that he had, and bought it."
Aspect1, Matthew 13:48 "Which, when it was full, they drew to shore, and sat down, and gathered the good into vessels, but cast the bad away."
Aspect1, Matthew 14:20 "And they did all eat, and were filled: and they took up of the fragments that remained twelve baskets full."
Aspect1, Matthew 14:25 "And in the fourth watch of the night Jesus went unto them, walking on the sea."
Aspect1, Matthew 15:11 "Not that which goeth into the mouth defileth a man; but that which cometh out of the mouth, this defileth a man."
Aspect1, Matthew 15:17 "Do not ye yet understand, that whatsoever entereth in at the mouth goeth into the belly, and is cast out into the draught?"
Aspect1, Matthew 15:29 "And Jesus departed from thence, and came nigh unto the sea of Galilee; and went up into a mountain, and sat down there."
Aspect1, Matthew 18:20 "For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them."
Aspect1, Matthew 18:24 "And when he had begun to reckon, one was brought unto him, which owed him ten thousand talents."
Aspect1, Matthew 19:30 "But many that are first shall be last; and the last shall be first."
Aspect1, Matthew 21:26 "But if we shall say, Of men; we fear the people; for all hold John as a prophet."
Aspect1, Matthew 22:38 "This is the first and great commandment."
Aspect1, Matthew 22:40 "On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets."
Aspect1, Matthew 23:12 "And whosoever shall exalt himself shall be abased; and he that shall humble himself shall be exalted."
Aspect1, Matthew 24:11 "And many false prophets shall rise, and shall deceive many."
Aspect1, Matthew 24:22 "And except those days should be shortened, there should no flesh be saved: but for the elect's sake those days shall be shortened."
Aspect1, Matthew 24:49 "And shall begin to smite his fellowservants, and to eat and drink with the drunken;"
Aspect1, Matthew 25:7 "Then all those virgins arose, and trimmed their lamps."
Aspect1, Matthew 25:25 "And I was afraid, and went and hid thy talent in the earth: lo, there thou hast that is thine."
Aspect1, Matthew 26:7 "There came unto him a woman having an alabaster box of very precious ointment, and poured it on his head, as he sat at meat."
Aspect1, Matthew 26:26 "And as they were eating, Jesus took bread, and blessed it, and brake it, and gave it to the disciples, and said, Take, eat; this is my body."
Aspect1, Matthew 27:8 "Wherefore that field was called, The field of blood, unto this day."
Aspect1, Matthew 28:4 "And for fear of him the keepers did shake, and became as dead men."
Aspect1, Mark 1:6 "And John was clothed with camel's hair, and with a girdle of a skin about his loins; and he did eat locusts and wild honey;"
Aspect1, Mark 1:21 "And they went into Capernaum; and straightway on the sabbath day he entered into the synagogue, and taught."
Aspect1, Mark 1:30 "But Simon's wife's mother lay sick of a fever, and anon they tell him of her."
Aspect1, Mark 1:34 "And he healed many that were sick of divers diseases, and cast out many devils; and suffered not the devils to speak, because they knew him."
Aspect1, Mark 1:42 "And as soon as he had spoken, immediately the leprosy departed from him, and he was cleansed."
Aspect1, Mark 2:7 "Why doth this man thus speak blasphemies? who can forgive sins but God only?"
Aspect1, Mark 2:26 "How he went into the house of God in the days of Abiathar the high priest, and did eat the shewbread, which is not lawful to eat but for the priests, and gave also to them which were with him?"
Aspect1, Mark 4:3 "Hearken; Behold, there went out a sower to sow:"
Aspect1, Mark 4:37 "And there arose a great storm of wind, and the waves beat into the ship, so that it was now full."
Aspect1, Mark 5:13 "And forthwith Jesus gave them leave. And the unclean spirits went out, and entered into the swine: and the herd ran violently down a steep place into the sea, (they were about two thousand;) and were choked in the sea."
Aspect1, Mark 6:13 "And they cast out many devils, and anointed with oil many that were sick, and healed them."
Aspect1, Mark 6:32 "And they departed into a desert place by ship privately."
Aspect1, Mark 6:36 "Send them away, that they may go into the country round about, and into the villages, and buy themselves bread: for they have nothing to eat."
Aspect1, Mark 6:41 "And when he had taken the five loaves and the two fishes, he looked up to heaven, and blessed, and brake the loaves, and gave them to his disciples to set before them; and the two fishes divided he among them all."
Aspect1, Mark 6:43 "And they took up twelve baskets full of the fragments, and of the fishes."
Aspect1, Mark 6:44 "And they that did eat of the loaves were about five thousand men."
Aspect1, Mark 6:45 "And straightway he constrained his disciples to get into the ship, and to go to the other side before unto Bethsaida, while he sent away the people."
Aspect1, Mark 6:49 "But when they saw him walking upon the sea, they supposed it had been a spirit, and cried out:"
Aspect1, Mark 7:24 "And from thence he arose, and went into the borders of Tyre and Sidon, and entered into an house, and would have no man know it: but he could not be hid."
Aspect1, Mark 8:6 "And he commanded the people to sit down on the ground: and he took the seven loaves, and gave thanks, and brake, and gave to his disciples to set before them; and they did set them before the people."
Aspect1, Mark 8:19 "When I brake the five loaves among five thousand, how many baskets full of fragments took ye up? They say unto him, Twelve."
Aspect1, Mark 8:24 "And he looked up, and said, I see men as trees, walking."
Aspect1, Mark 9:8 "And suddenly, when they had looked round about, they saw no man any more, save Jesus only with themselves."
Aspect1, Mark 9:35 "And he sat down, and called the twelve, and saith unto them, If any man desire to be first, the same shall be last of all, and servant of all."
Aspect1, Mark 10:46 "And they came to Jericho: and as he went out of Jericho with his disciples and a great number of people, blind Bartimaeus, the son of Timaeus, sat by the highway side begging."
Aspect1, Mark 11:23 "For verily I say unto you, That whosoever shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass; he shall have whatsoever he saith."
Aspect1, Mark 12:3 "And they caught him, and beat him, and sent him away empty."
Aspect1, Mark 12:41 "And Jesus sat over against the treasury, and beheld how the people cast money into the treasury: and many that were rich cast in much."
Aspect1, Mark 13:15 "And let him that is on the housetop not go down into the house, neither enter therein, to take any thing out of his house:"
Aspect1, Mark 14:56 "For many bare false witness against him, but their witness agreed not together."
Aspect1, Mark 14:59 "But neither so did their witness agree together."
Aspect1, Mark 14:60 "And the high priest stood up in the midst, and asked Jesus, saying, Answerest thou nothing? what is it which these witness against thee?"
Aspect1, Mark 15:37 "And Jesus cried with a loud voice, and gave up the ghost."
Aspect1, Mark 16:4 "And when they looked, they saw that the stone was rolled away: for it was very great."
Aspect1, Mark 16:18 "They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover."
Aspect1, Luke 1:6 "And they were both righteous before God, walking in all the commandments and ordinances of the Lord blameless."
Aspect1, Luke 1:7 "And they had no child, because that Elisabeth was barren, and they both were now well stricken in years."
Aspect1, Luke 1:12 "And when Zacharias saw him, he was troubled, and fear fell upon him."
Aspect1, Luke 1:37 "For with God nothing shall be impossible."
Aspect1, Luke 2:5 "To be taxed with Mary his espoused wife, being great with child."
Aspect1, Luke 2:34 "And Simeon blessed them, and said unto Mary his mother, Behold, this child is set for the fall and rising again of many in Israel; and for a sign which shall be spoken against;"
Aspect1, Luke 3:5 "Every valley shall be filled, and every mountain and hill shall be brought low; and the crooked shall be made straight, and the rough ways shall be made smooth;"
Aspect1, Luke 4:20 "And he closed the book, and he gave it again to the minister, and sat down. And the eyes of all them that were in the synagogue were fastened on him."
Aspect1, Luke 4:30 "But he passing through the midst of them went his way,"
Aspect1, Luke 4:37 "And the fame of him went out into every place of the country round about."
Aspect1, Luke 4:38 "And he arose out of the synagogue, and entered into Simon's house. And Simon's wife's mother was taken with a great fever; and they besought him for her."
Aspect1, Luke 4:42 "And when it was day, he departed and went into a desert place: and the people sought him, and came unto him, and stayed him, that he should not depart from them."
Aspect1, Luke 5:3 "And he entered into one of the ships, which was Simon's, and prayed him that he would thrust out a little from the land. And he sat down, and taught the people out of the ship."
Aspect1, Luke 5:17 "And it came to pass on a certain day, as he was teaching, that there were Pharisees and doctors of the law sitting by, which were come out of every town of Galilee, and Judaea, and Jerusalem: and the power of the Lord was present to heal them."
Aspect1, Luke 5:25 "And immediately he rose up before them, and took up that whereon he lay, and departed to his own house, glorifying God."
Aspect1, Luke 5:29 "And Levi made him a great feast in his own house: and there was a great company of publicans and of others that sat down with them."
Aspect1, Luke 6:4 "How he went into the house of God, and did take and eat the shewbread, and gave also to them that were with him; which it is not lawful to eat but for the priests alone?"
Aspect1, Luke 6:22 "Blessed are ye, when men shall hate you, and when they shall separate you from their company, and shall reproach you, and cast out your name as evil, for the Son of man's sake."
Aspect1, Luke 6:38 "Give, and it shall be given unto you; good measure, pressed down, and shaken together, and running over, shall men give into your bosom. For with the same measure that ye mete withal it shall be measured to you again."
Aspect1, Luke 7:15 "And he that was dead sat up, and began to speak. And he delivered him to his mother."
Aspect1, Luke 7:23 "And blessed is he, whosoever shall not be offended in me."
Aspect1, Luke 7:24 "And when the messengers of John were departed, he began to speak unto the people concerning John, What went ye out into the wilderness for to see? A reed shaken with the wind?"
Aspect1, Luke 8:3 "And Joanna the wife of Chuza Herod's steward, and Susanna, and many others, which ministered unto him of their substance."
Aspect1, Luke 8:5 "A sower went out to sow his seed: and as he sowed, some fell by the way side; and it was trodden down, and the fowls of the air devoured it."
Aspect1, Luke 8:47 "And when the woman saw that she was not hid, she came trembling, and falling down before him, she declared unto him before all the people for what cause she had touched him, and how she was healed immediately."
Aspect1, Luke 9:1 "Then he called his twelve disciples together, and gave them power and authority over all devils, and to cure diseases."
Aspect1, Luke 9:17 "And they did eat, and were all filled: and there was taken up of fragments that remained to them twelve baskets."
Aspect1, Luke 9:21 "And he straitly charged them, and commanded them to tell no man that thing;"
Aspect1, Luke 10:38 "Now it came to pass, as they went, that he entered into a certain village: and a certain woman named Martha received him into her house."
Aspect1, Luke 11:29 "And when the people were gathered thick together, he began to say, This is an evil generation: they seek a sign; and there shall no sign be given it, but the sign of Jonas the prophet."
Aspect1, Luke 11:54 "Laying wait for him, and seeking to catch something out of his mouth, that they might accuse him."
Aspect1, Luke 12:9 "But he that denieth me before men shall be denied before the angels of God."
Aspect1, Luke 13:19 "It is like a grain of mustard seed, which a man took, and cast into his garden; and it grew, and waxed a great tree; and the fowls of the air lodged in the branches of it."
Aspect1, Luke 13:33 "Nevertheless I must walk to day, and to morrow, and the day following: for it cannot be that a prophet perish out of Jerusalem."
Aspect1, Luke 14:11 "For whosoever exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted."
Aspect1, Luke 14:13 "But when thou makest a feast, call the poor, the maimed, the lame, the blind:"
Aspect1, Luke 15:8 "Either what woman having ten pieces of silver, if she lose one piece, doth not light a candle, and sweep the house, and seek diligently till she find it?"
Aspect1, Luke 17:21 "Neither shall they say, Lo here! or, lo there! for, behold, the kingdom of God is within you."
Aspect1, Luke 17:32 "Remember Lot's wife."
Aspect1, Luke 17:33 "Whosoever shall seek to save his life shall lose it; and whosoever shall lose his life shall preserve it."
Aspect1, Luke 18:14 "I tell you, this man went down to his house justified rather than the other: for every one that exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted."
Aspect1, Luke 19:28 "And when he had thus spoken, he went before, ascending up to Jerusalem."
Aspect1, Luke 20:30 "And the second took her to wife, and he died childless."
Aspect1, Luke 21:1 "And he looked up, and saw the rich men casting their gifts into the treasury."
Aspect1, Luke 21:18 "But there shall not an hair of your head perish."
Aspect1, Luke 21:26 "Men's hearts failing them for fear, and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth: for the powers of heaven shall be shaken."
Aspect1, Luke 22:3 "Then entered Satan into Judas surnamed Iscariot, being of the number of the twelve."
Aspect1, Luke 22:55 "And when they had kindled a fire in the midst of the hall, and were set down together, Peter sat down among them."
Aspect1, Luke 23:12 "And the same day Pilate and Herod were made friends together: for before they were at enmity between themselves."
Aspect1, Luke 23:16 "I will therefore chastise him, and release him."
Aspect1, Luke 23:29 "For, behold, the days are coming, in the which they shall say, Blessed are the barren, and the wombs that never bare, and the paps which never gave suck."
Aspect1, Luke 24:30 "And it came to pass, as he sat at meat with them, he took bread, and blessed it, and brake, and gave to them."
Aspect1, Luke 24:46 "And said unto them, Thus it is written, and thus it behoved Christ to suffer, and to rise from the dead the third day:"
Aspect1, Luke 24:53 "And were continually in the temple, praising and blessing God. Amen."
Aspect1, John 1:7 "The same came for a witness, to bear witness of the Light, that all men through him might believe."
Aspect1, John 1:47 "Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!"
Aspect1, John 3:16 "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life."
Aspect1, John 3:24 "For John was not yet cast into prison."
Aspect1, John 4:6 "Now Jacob's well was there. Jesus therefore, being wearied with his journey, sat thus on the well: and it was about the sixth hour."
Aspect1, John 4:15 "The woman saith unto him, Sir, give me this water, that I thirst not, neither come hither to draw."
Aspect1, John 5:32 "There is another that beareth witness of me; and I know that the witness which he witnesseth of me is true."
Aspect1, John 6:22 "The day following, when the people which stood on the other side of the sea saw that there was none other boat there, save that one whereinto his disciples were entered, and that Jesus went not with his disciples into the boat, but that his disciples were gone away alone;"
Aspect1, John 6:31 "Our fathers did eat manna in the desert; as it is written, He gave them bread from heaven to eat."
Aspect1, John 6:49 "Your fathers did eat manna in the wilderness, and are dead."
Aspect1, John 7:17 "If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself."
Aspect1, John 9:25 "He answered and said, Whether he be a sinner or no, I know not: one thing I know, that, whereas I was blind, now I see."
Aspect1, John 11:20 "Then Martha, as soon as she heard that Jesus was coming, went and met him: but Mary sat still in the house."
Aspect1, John 11:29 "As soon as she heard that, she arose quickly, and came unto him."
Aspect1, John 11:38 "Jesus therefore again groaning in himself cometh to the grave. It was a cave, and a stone lay upon it."
Aspect1, John 11:49 "And one of them, named Caiaphas, being the high priest that same year, said unto them, Ye know nothing at all,"
Aspect1, John 11:50 "Nor consider that it is expedient for us, that one man should die for the people, and that the whole nation perish not."
Aspect1, John 12:14 "And Jesus, when he had found a young ass, sat thereon; as it is written,"
Aspect1, John 12:17 "The people therefore that was with him when he called Lazarus out of his grave, and raised him from the dead, bare record."
Aspect1, John 12:49 "For I have not spoken of myself; but the Father which sent me, he gave me a commandment, what I should say, and what I should speak."
Aspect1, John 13:26 "Jesus answered, He it is, to whom I shall give a sop, when I have dipped it. And when he had dipped the sop, he gave it to Judas Iscariot, the son of Simon."
Aspect1, John 18:12 "Then the band and the captain and officers of the Jews took Jesus, and bound him,"
Aspect1, John 18:14 "Now Caiaphas was he, which gave counsel to the Jews, that it was expedient that one man should die for the people."
Aspect1, John 18:19 "The high priest then asked Jesus of his disciples, and of his doctrine."
Aspect1, John 18:22 "And when he had thus spoken, one of the officers which stood by struck Jesus with the palm of his hand, saying, Answerest thou the high priest so?"
Aspect1, John 20:5 "And he stooping down, and looking in, saw the linen clothes lying; yet went he not in."
Aspect1, John 20:7 "And the napkin, that was about his head, not lying with the linen clothes, but wrapped together in a place by itself."
Aspect1, John 21:11 "Simon Peter went up, and drew the net to land full of great fishes, an hundred and fifty and three: and for all there were so many, yet was not the net broken."
Aspect1, Acts 1:20 "For it is written in the book of Psalms, Let his habitation be desolate, and let no man dwell therein: and his bishoprick let another take."
Aspect1, Acts 3:8 "And he leaping up stood, and walked, and entered with them into the temple, walking, and leaping, and praising God."
Aspect1, Acts 4:6 "And Annas the high priest, and Caiaphas, and John, and Alexander, and as many as were of the kindred of the high priest, were gathered together at Jerusalem."
Aspect1, Acts 4:11 "This is the stone which was set at nought of you builders, which is become the head of the corner."
Aspect1, Acts 5:21 "And when they heard that, they entered into the temple early in the morning, and taught. But the high priest came, and they that were with him, and called the council together, and all the senate of the children of Israel, and sent to the prison to have them brought."
Aspect1, Acts 5:36 "For before these days rose up Theudas, boasting himself to be somebody; to whom a number of men, about four hundred, joined themselves: who was slain; and all, as many as obeyed him, were scattered, and brought to nought."
Aspect1, Acts 7:5 "And he gave him none inheritance in it, no, not so much as to set his foot on: yet he promised that he would give it to him for a possession, and to his seed after him, when as yet he had no child."
Aspect1, Acts 7:24 "And seeing one of them suffer wrong, he defended him, and avenged him that was oppressed, and smote the Egyptian:"
Aspect1, Acts 7:42 "Then God turned, and gave them up to worship the host of heaven; as it is written in the book of the prophets, O ye house of Israel, have ye offered to me slain beasts and sacrifices by the space of forty years in the wilderness?"
Aspect1, Acts 8:3 "As for Saul, he made havock of the church, entering into every house, and haling men and women committed them to prison."
Aspect1, Acts 8:10 "To whom they all gave heed, from the least to the greatest, saying, This man is the great power of God."
Aspect1, Acts 8:38 "And he commanded the chariot to stand still: and they went down both into the water, both Philip and the eunuch; and he baptized him."
Aspect1, Acts 9:36 "Now there was at Joppa a certain disciple named Tabitha, which by interpretation is called Dorcas: this woman was full of good works and almsdeeds which she did."
Aspect1, Acts 9:41 "And he gave her his hand, and lifted her up, and when he had called the saints and widows, presented her alive."
Aspect1, Acts 10:5 "And now send men to Joppa, and call for one Simon, whose surname is Peter:"
Aspect1, Acts 10:27 "And as he talked with him, he went in, and found many that were come together."
Aspect1, Acts 11:12 "And the Spirit bade me go with them, nothing doubting. Moreover these six brethren accompanied me, and we entered into the man's house:"
Aspect1, Acts 11:26 "And when he had found him, he brought him unto Antioch. And it came to pass, that a whole year they assembled themselves with the church, and taught much people. And the disciples were called Christians first in Antioch."
Aspect1, Acts 12:18 "Now as soon as it was day, there was no small stir among the soldiers, what was become of Peter."
Aspect1, Acts 12:23 "And immediately the angel of the Lord smote him, because he gave not God the glory: and he was eaten of worms, and gave up the ghost."
Aspect1, Acts 13:14 "But when they departed from Perga, they came to Antioch in Pisidia, and went into the synagogue on the sabbath day, and sat down."
Aspect1, Acts 14:17 "Nevertheless he left not himself without witness, in that he did good, and gave us rain from heaven, and fruitful seasons, filling our hearts with food and gladness."
Aspect1, Acts 16:5 "And so were the churches established in the faith, and increased in number daily."
Aspect1, Acts 17:30 "And the times of this ignorance God winked at; but now commandeth all men every where to repent:"
Aspect1, Acts 18:7 "And he departed thence, and entered into a certain man's house, named Justus, one that worshipped God, whose house joined hard to the synagogue."
Aspect1, Acts 19:7 "And all the men were about twelve."
Aspect1, Acts 19:28 "And when they heard these sayings, they were full of wrath, and cried out, saying, Great is Diana of the Ephesians."
Aspect1, Acts 20:5 "These going before tarried for us at Troas."
Aspect1, Acts 20:26 "Wherefore I take you to record this day, that I am pure from the blood of all men."
Aspect1, Acts 21:8 "And the next day we that were of Paul's company departed, and came unto Caesarea: and we entered into the house of Philip the evangelist, which was one of the seven; and abode with him."
Aspect1, Acts 21:10 "And as we tarried there many days, there came down from Judaea a certain prophet, named Agabus."
Aspect1, Acts 21:18 "And the day following Paul went in with us unto James; and all the elders were present."
Aspect1, Acts 22:12 "And one Ananias, a devout man according to the law, having a good report of all the Jews which dwelt there,"
Aspect1, Acts 22:23 "And as they cried out, and cast off their clothes, and threw dust into the air,"
Aspect1, Acts 23:2 "And the high priest Ananias commanded them that stood by him to smite him on the mouth."
Aspect1, Acts 23:6 "But when Paul perceived that the one part were Sadducees, and the other Pharisees, he cried out in the council, Men and brethren, I am a Pharisee, the son of a Pharisee: of the hope and resurrection of the dead I am called in question."
Aspect1, Acts 25:6 "And when he had tarried among them more than ten days, he went down unto Caesarea; and the next day sitting on the judgment seat commanded Paul to be brought."
Aspect1, Acts 26:8 "Why should it be thought a thing incredible with you, that God should raise the dead?"
Aspect1, Acts 27:34 "Wherefore I pray you to take some meat: for this is for your health: for there shall not an hair fall from the head of any of you."
Aspect1, Acts 27:35 "And when he had thus spoken, he took bread, and gave thanks to God in presence of them all: and when he had broken it, he began to eat."
Aspect1, Acts 28:23 "And when they had appointed him a day, there came many to him into his lodging; to whom he expounded and testified the kingdom of God, persuading them concerning Jesus, both out of the law of Moses, and out of the prophets, from morning till evening."
Aspect1, Romans 1:29 "Being filled with all unrighteousness, fornication, wickedness, covetousness, maliciousness; full of envy, murder, debate, deceit, malignity; whisperers,"
Aspect1, Romans 2:12 "For as many as have sinned without law shall also perish without law: and as many as have sinned in the law shall be judged by the law;"
Aspect1, Romans 2:26 "Therefore if the uncircumcision keep the righteousness of the law, shall not his uncircumcision be counted for circumcision?"
Aspect1, Romans 3:14 "Whose mouth is full of cursing and bitterness:"
Aspect1, Romans 3:21 "But now the righteousness of God without the law is manifested, being witnessed by the law and the prophets;"
Aspect1, Romans 4:15 "Because the law worketh wrath: for where no law is, there is no transgression."
Aspect1, Romans 4:23 "Now it was not written for his sake alone, that it was imputed to him;"
Aspect1, Romans 5:19 "For as by one man's disobedience many were made sinners, so by the obedience of one shall many be made righteous."
Aspect1, Romans 7:18 "For I know that in me (that is, in my flesh,) dwelleth no good thing: for to will is present with me; but how to perform that which is good I find not."
Aspect1, Romans 8:7 "Because the carnal mind is enmity against God: for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be."
Aspect1, Romans 9:31 "But Israel, which followed after the law of righteousness, hath not attained to the law of righteousness."
Aspect1, Romans 9:32 "Wherefore? Because they sought it not by faith, but as it were by the works of the law. For they stumbled at that stumblingstone;"
Aspect1, Romans 10:1 "Brethren, my heart's desire and prayer to God for Israel is, that they might be saved."
Aspect1, Romans 10:19 "But I say, Did not Israel know? First Moses saith, I will provoke you to jealousy by them that are no people, and by a foolish nation I will anger you."
Aspect1, Romans 11:2 "God hath not cast away his people which he foreknew. Wot ye not what the scripture saith of Elias? how he maketh intercession to God against Israel saying,"
Aspect1, Romans 12:4 "For as we have many members in one body, and all members have not the same office:"
Aspect1, Romans 12:9 "Let love be without dissimulation. Abhor that which is evil; cleave to that which is good."
Aspect1, Romans 13:12 "The night is far spent, the day is at hand: let us therefore cast off the works of darkness, and let us put on the armour of light."
Aspect1, 1 Corinthians 1:26 "For ye see your calling, brethren, how that not many wise men after the flesh, not many mighty, not many noble, are called:"
Aspect1, 1 Corinthians 2:3 "And I was with you in weakness, and in fear, and in much trembling."
Aspect1, 1 Corinthians 2:5 "That your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God."
Aspect1, 1 Corinthians 3:7 "So then neither is he that planteth any thing, neither he that watereth; but God that giveth the increase."
Aspect1, 1 Corinthians 7:6 "But I speak this by permission, and not of commandment."
Aspect1, 1 Corinthians 8:2 "And if any man think that he knoweth any thing, he knoweth nothing yet as he ought to know."
Aspect1, 1 Corinthians 9:5 "Have we not power to lead about a sister, a wife, as well as other apostles, and as the brethren of the Lord, and Cephas?"
Aspect1, 1 Corinthians 10:5 "But with many of them God was not well pleased: for they were overthrown in the wilderness."
Aspect1, 1 Corinthians 10:14 "Wherefore, my dearly beloved, flee from idolatry."
Aspect1, 1 Corinthians 10:25 "Whatsoever is sold in the shambles, that eat, asking no question for conscience sake:"
Aspect1, 1 Corinthians 11:7 "For a man indeed ought not to cover his head, forasmuch as he is the image and glory of God: but the woman is the glory of the man."
Aspect1, 1 Corinthians 11:10 "For this cause ought the woman to have power on her head because of the angels."
Aspect1, 1 Corinthians 11:30 "For this cause many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep."
Aspect1, 1 Corinthians 12:14 "For the body is not one member, but many."
Aspect1, 1 Corinthians 13:1 "Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, and have not charity, I am become as sounding brass, or a tinkling cymbal."
Aspect1, 1 Corinthians 14:6 "Now, brethren, if I come unto you speaking with tongues, what shall I profit you, except I shall speak to you either by revelation, or by knowledge, or by prophesying, or by doctrine?"
Aspect1, 1 Corinthians 14:35 "And if they will learn any thing, let them ask their husbands at home: for it is a shame for women to speak in the church."
Aspect1, 1 Corinthians 14:39 "Wherefore, brethren, covet to prophesy, and forbid not to speak with tongues."
Aspect1, 2 Corinthians 1:23 "Moreover I call God for a record upon my soul, that to spare you I came not as yet unto Corinth."
Aspect1, 2 Corinthians 3:9 "For if the ministration of condemnation be glory, much more doth the ministration of righteousness exceed in glory."
Aspect1, 2 Corinthians 5:9 "Wherefore we labour, that, whether present or absent, we may be accepted of him."
Aspect1, 2 Corinthians 5:14 "For the love of Christ constraineth us; because we thus judge, that if one died for all, then were all dead:"
Aspect1, 2 Corinthians 8:8 "I speak not by commandment, but by occasion of the forwardness of others, and to prove the sincerity of your love."
Aspect1, 2 Corinthians 8:23 "Whether any do enquire of Titus, he is my partner and fellowhelper concerning you: or our brethren be enquired of, they are the messengers of the churches, and the glory of Christ."
Aspect1, 2 Corinthians 10:5 "Casting down imaginations, and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ;"
Aspect1, Galatians 1:1 "Paul, an apostle, (not of men, neither by man, but by Jesus Christ, and God the Father, who raised him from the dead;)"
Aspect1, Galatians 3:9 "So then they which be of faith are blessed with faithful Abraham."
Aspect1, Galatians 3:10 "For as many as are of the works of the law are under the curse: for it is written, Cursed is every one that continueth not in all things which are written in the book of the law to do them."
Aspect1, Galatians 3:27 "For as many of you as have been baptized into Christ have put on Christ."
Aspect1, Galatians 4:18 "But it is good to be zealously affected always in a good thing, and not only when I am present with you."
Aspect1, Galatians 4:20 "I desire to be present with you now, and to change my voice; for I stand in doubt of you."
Aspect1, Galatians 6:15 "For in Christ Jesus neither circumcision availeth any thing, nor uncircumcision, but a new creature."
Aspect1, Ephesians 4:8 "Wherefore he saith, When he ascended up on high, he led captivity captive, and gave gifts unto men."
Aspect1, Ephesians 5:14 "Wherefore he saith, Awake thou that sleepest, and arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light."
Aspect1, Ephesians 5:24 "Therefore as the church is subject unto Christ, so let the wives be to their own husbands in every thing."
Aspect1, Ephesians 5:27 "That he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing; but that it should be holy and without blemish."
Aspect1, Ephesians 5:28 "So ought men to love their wives as their own bodies. He that loveth his wife loveth himself."
Aspect1, Philippians 1:9 "And this I pray, that your love may abound yet more and more in knowledge and in all judgment;"
Aspect1, Philippians 3:9 "And be found in him, not having mine own righteousness, which is of the law, but that which is through the faith of Christ, the righteousness which is of God by faith:"
Aspect1, Philippians 3:15 "Let us therefore, as many as be perfect, be thus minded: and if in any thing ye be otherwise minded, God shall reveal even this unto you."
Aspect1, Philippians 4:11 "Not that I speak in respect of want: for I have learned, in whatsoever state I am, therewith to be content."
Aspect1, Philippians 4:22 "All the saints salute you, chiefly they that are of Caesar's household."
Aspect1, 1 Thessalonians 2:3 "For our exhortation was not of deceit, nor of uncleanness, nor in guile:"
Aspect1, 1 Thessalonians 2:6 "Nor of men sought we glory, neither of you, nor yet of others, when we might have been burdensome, as the apostles of Christ."
Aspect1, 1 Thessalonians 5:18 "In every thing give thanks: for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you."
Aspect1, 2 Thessalonians 1:6 "Seeing it is a righteous thing with God to recompense tribulation to them that trouble you;"
Aspect1, 2 Thessalonians 3:8 "Neither did we eat any man's bread for nought; but wrought with labour and travail night and day, that we might not be chargeable to any of you:"
Aspect1, 1 Timothy 1:3 "As I besought thee to abide still at Ephesus, when I went into Macedonia, that thou mightest charge some that they teach no other doctrine,"
Aspect1, 1 Timothy 1:11 "According to the glorious gospel of the blessed God, which was committed to my trust."
Aspect1, 1 Timothy 3:5 "(For if a man know not how to rule his own house, how shall he take care of the church of God?)"
Aspect1, 1 Timothy 3:6 "Not a novice, lest being lifted up with pride he fall into the condemnation of the devil."
Aspect1, 2 Timothy 2:8 "Remember that Jesus Christ of the seed of David was raised from the dead according to my gospel:"
Aspect1, 2 Timothy 4:19 "Salute Prisca and Aquila, and the household of Onesiphorus."
Aspect1, Titus 1:10 "For there are many unruly and vain talkers and deceivers, specially they of the circumcision:"
Aspect1, Titus 1:13 "This witness is true. Wherefore rebuke them sharply, that they may be sound in the faith;"
Aspect1, Titus 2:2 "That the aged men be sober, grave, temperate, sound in faith, in charity, in patience."
Aspect1, Titus 2:13 "Looking for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ;"
Aspect1, Philemon 1:6 "That the communication of thy faith may become effectual by the acknowledging of every good thing which is in you in Christ Jesus."
Aspect1, Hebrews 3:4 "For every house is builded by some man; but he that built all things is God."
Aspect1, Hebrews 4:6 "Seeing therefore it remaineth that some must enter therein, and they to whom it was first preached entered not in because of unbelief:"
Aspect1, Hebrews 6:11 "And we desire that every one of you do shew the same diligence to the full assurance of hope unto the end:"
Aspect1, Hebrews 6:13 "For when God made promise to Abraham, because he could swear by no greater, he sware by himself,"
Aspect1, Hebrews 7:7 "And without all contradiction the less is blessed of the better."
Aspect1, Hebrews 7:18 "For there is verily a disannulling of the commandment going before for the weakness and unprofitableness thereof."
Aspect1, Hebrews 9:17 "For a testament is of force after men are dead: otherwise it is of no strength at all while the testator liveth."
Aspect1, Hebrews 10:21 "And having an high priest over the house of God;"
Aspect1, Hebrews 10:28 "He that despised Moses' law died without mercy under two or three witnesses:"
Aspect1, James 1:25 "But whoso looketh into the perfect law of liberty, and continueth therein, he being not a forgetful hearer, but a doer of the work, this man shall be blessed in his deed."
Aspect1, James 3:1 "My brethren, be not many masters, knowing that we shall receive the greater condemnation."
Aspect1, James 4:9 "Be afflicted, and mourn, and weep: let your laughter be turned to mourning, and your joy to heaviness."
Aspect1, 1 Peter 1:21 "Who by him do believe in God, that raised him up from the dead, and gave him glory; that your faith and hope might be in God."
Aspect1, 1 Peter 2:1 "Wherefore laying aside all malice, and all guile, and hypocrisies, and envies, all evil speakings,"
Aspect1, 1 Peter 4:18 "And if the righteous scarcely be saved, where shall the ungodly and the sinner appear?"
Aspect1, 2 Peter 3:8 "But, beloved, be not ignorant of this one thing, that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day."
Aspect1, 1 John 2:3 "And hereby we do know that we know him, if we keep his commandments."
Aspect1, 1 John 2:8 "Again, a new commandment I write unto you, which thing is true in him and in you: because the darkness is past, and the true light now shineth."
Aspect1, 1 John 5:18 "We know that whosoever is born of God sinneth not; but he that is begotten of God keepeth himself, and that wicked one toucheth him not."
Aspect1, Revelation 2:19 "I know thy works, and charity, and service, and faith, and thy patience, and thy works; and the last to be more than the first."
Aspect1, Revelation 3:19 "As many as I love, I rebuke and chasten: be zealous therefore, and repent."
Aspect1, Revelation 4:6 "And before the throne there was a sea of glass like unto crystal: and in the midst of the throne, and round about the throne, were four beasts full of eyes before and behind."
Aspect1, Revelation 5:11 "And I beheld, and I heard the voice of many angels round about the throne and the beasts and the elders: and the number of them was ten thousand times ten thousand, and thousands of thousands;"
Aspect1, Revelation 6:14 "And the heaven departed as a scroll when it is rolled together; and every mountain and island were moved out of their places."
Aspect1, Revelation 7:6 "Of the tribe of Aser were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Nephthalim were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Manasses were sealed twelve thousand."
Aspect1, Revelation 7:8 "Of the tribe of Zabulon were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Joseph were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Benjamin were sealed twelve thousand."
Aspect1, Revelation 7:9 "After this I beheld, and, lo, a great multitude, which no man could number, of all nations, and kindreds, and people, and tongues, stood before the throne, and before the Lamb, clothed with white robes, and palms in their hands;"
Aspect1, Revelation 8:11 "And the name of the star is called Wormwood: and the third part of the waters became wormwood; and many men died of the waters, because they were made bitter."
Aspect1, Revelation 9:20 "And the rest of the men which were not killed by these plagues yet repented not of the works of their hands, that they should not worship devils, and idols of gold, and silver, and brass, and stone, and of wood: which neither can see, nor hear, nor walk:"
Aspect1, Revelation 10:10 "And I took the little book out of the angel's hand, and ate it up; and it was in my mouth sweet as honey: and as soon as I had eaten it, my belly was bitter."
Aspect1, Revelation 11:3 "And I will give power unto my two witnesses, and they shall prophesy a thousand two hundred and threescore days, clothed in sackcloth."
Aspect1, Revelation 11:6 "These have power to shut heaven, that it rain not in the days of their prophecy: and have power over waters to turn them to blood, and to smite the earth with all plagues, as often as they will."
Aspect1, Revelation 11:10 "And they that dwell upon the earth shall rejoice over them, and make merry, and shall send gifts one to another; because these two prophets tormented them that dwelt on the earth."
Aspect1, Revelation 12:15 "And the serpent cast out of his mouth water as a flood after the woman, that he might cause her to be carried away of the flood."
Aspect1, Revelation 14:5 "And in their mouth was found no guile: for they are without fault before the throne of God."
Aspect1, Revelation 14:6 "And I saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people,"
Aspect1, Revelation 18:15 "The merchants of these things, which were made rich by her, shall stand afar off for the fear of her torment, weeping and wailing,"
Aspect1, Revelation 20:5 "But the rest of the dead lived not again until the thousand years were finished. This is the first resurrection."
Aspect1, Revelation 20:7 "And when the thousand years are expired, Satan shall be loosed out of his prison,"
Aspect1, Revelation 20:12 "And I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God; and the books were opened: and another book was opened, which is the book of life: and the dead were judged out of those things which were written in the books, according to their works."
Aspect1, Revelation 21:3 "And I heard a great voice out of heaven saying, Behold, the tabernacle of God is with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be his people, and God himself shall be with them, and be their God."
Aspect1, Revelation 21:27 "And there shall in no wise enter into it any thing that defileth, neither whatsoever worketh abomination, or maketh a lie: but they which are written in the Lamb's book of life."
Aspect1, Revelation 22:7 "Behold, I come quickly: blessed is he that keepeth the sayings of the prophecy of this book."
