Aspect7, Genesis 2:24 "Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall cleave unto his wife: and they shall be one flesh."
Aspect7, Genesis 3:2 "And the woman said unto the serpent, We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden:"
Aspect7, Genesis 3:9 "And the LORD God called unto Adam, and said unto him, Where art thou?"
Aspect7, Genesis 4:19 "And Lamech took unto him two wives: the name of the one was Adah, and the name of the other Zillah."
Aspect7, Genesis 7:5 "And Noah did according unto all that the LORD commanded him."
Aspect7, Genesis 9:25 "And he said, Cursed be Canaan; a servant of servants shall he be unto his brethren."
Aspect7, Genesis 12:6 "And Abram passed through the land unto the place of Sichem, unto the plain of Moreh. And the Canaanite was then in the land."
Aspect7, Genesis 12:7 "And the LORD appeared unto Abram, and said, Unto thy seed will I give this land: and there builded he an altar unto the LORD, who appeared unto him."
Aspect7, Genesis 15:18 "In the same day the LORD made a covenant with Abram, saying, Unto thy seed have I given this land, from the river of Egypt unto the great river, the river Euphrates:"
Aspect7, Genesis 16:2 "And Sarai said unto Abram, Behold now, the LORD hath restrained me from bearing: I pray thee, go in unto my maid; it may be that I may obtain children by her. And Abram hearkened to the voice of Sarai."
Aspect7, Genesis 16:4 "And he went in unto Hagar, and she conceived: and when she saw that she had conceived, her mistress was despised in her eyes."
Aspect7, Genesis 17:21 "But my covenant will I establish with Isaac, which Sarah shall bear unto thee at this set time in the next year."
Aspect7, Genesis 18:7 "And Abraham ran unto the herd, and fetched a calf tender and good, and gave it unto a young man; and he hasted to dress it."
Aspect7, Genesis 19:5 "And they called unto Lot, and said unto him, Where are the men which came in to thee this night? bring them out unto us, that we may know them."
Aspect7, Genesis 19:31 "And the firstborn said unto the younger, Our father is old, and there is not a man in the earth to come in unto us after the manner of all the earth:"
Aspect7, Genesis 20:9 "Then Abimelech called Abraham, and said unto him, What hast thou done unto us? and what have I offended thee, that thou hast brought on me and on my kingdom a great sin? thou hast done deeds unto me that ought not to be done."
Aspect7, Genesis 20:14 "And Abimelech took sheep, and oxen, and menservants, and womenservants, and gave them unto Abraham, and restored him Sarah his wife."
Aspect7, Genesis 21:5 "And Abraham was an hundred years old, when his son Isaac was born unto him."
Aspect7, Genesis 22:19 "So Abraham returned unto his young men, and they rose up and went together to Beersheba; and Abraham dwelt at Beersheba."
Aspect7, Genesis 23:14 "And Ephron answered Abraham, saying unto him,"
Aspect7, Genesis 24:2 "And Abraham said unto his eldest servant of his house, that ruled over all that he had, Put, I pray thee, thy hand under my thigh:"
Aspect7, Genesis 24:4 "But thou shalt go unto my country, and to my kindred, and take a wife unto my son Isaac."
Aspect7, Genesis 24:5 "And the servant said unto him, Peradventure the woman will not be willing to follow me unto this land: must I needs bring thy son again unto the land from whence thou camest?"
Aspect7, Genesis 24:24 "And she said unto him, I am the daughter of Bethuel the son of Milcah, which she bare unto Nahor."
Aspect7, Genesis 24:29 "And Rebekah had a brother, and his name was Laban: and Laban ran out unto the man, unto the well."
Aspect7, Genesis 24:30 "And it came to pass, when he saw the earring and bracelets upon his sister's hands, and when he heard the words of Rebekah his sister, saying, Thus spake the man unto me; that he came unto the man; and, behold, he stood by the camels at the well."
Aspect7, Genesis 25:5 "And Abraham gave all that he had unto Isaac."
Aspect7, Genesis 25:6 "But unto the sons of the concubines, which Abraham had, Abraham gave gifts, and sent them away from Isaac his son, while he yet lived, eastward, unto the east country."
Aspect7, Genesis 25:33 "And Jacob said, Swear to me this day; and he sware unto him: and he sold his birthright unto Jacob."
Aspect7, Genesis 26:1 "And there was a famine in the land, beside the first famine that was in the days of Abraham. And Isaac went unto Abimelech king of the Philistines unto Gerar."
Aspect7, Genesis 26:16 "And Abimelech said unto Isaac, Go from us; for thou art much mightier than we."
Aspect7, Genesis 26:35 "Which were a grief of mind unto Isaac and to Rebekah."
Aspect7, Genesis 27:37 "And Isaac answered and said unto Esau, Behold, I have made him thy lord, and all his brethren have I given to him for servants; and with corn and wine have I sustained him: and what shall I do now unto thee, my son?"
Aspect7, Genesis 28:5 "And Isaac sent away Jacob: and he went to Padanaram unto Laban, son of Bethuel the Syrian, the brother of Rebekah, Jacob's and Esau's mother."
Aspect7, Genesis 28:9 "Then went Esau unto Ishmael, and took unto the wives which he had Mahalath the daughter of Ishmael Abraham's son, the sister of Nebajoth, to be his wife."
Aspect7, Genesis 29:20 "And Jacob served seven years for Rachel; and they seemed unto him but a few days, for the love he had to her."
Aspect7, Genesis 29:21 "And Jacob said unto Laban, Give me my wife, for my days are fulfilled, that I may go in unto her."
Aspect7, Genesis 29:24 "And Laban gave unto his daughter Leah Zilpah his maid for an handmaid."
Aspect7, Genesis 30:25 "And it came to pass, when Rachel had born Joseph, that Jacob said unto Laban, Send me away, that I may go unto mine own place, and to my country."
Aspect7, Genesis 30:40 "And Jacob did separate the lambs, and set the faces of the flocks toward the ring-streaked, and all the brown in the flock of Laban; and he put his own flocks by themselves, and put them not unto Laban's cattle."
Aspect7, Genesis 31:3 "And the LORD said unto Jacob, Return unto the land of thy fathers, and to thy kindred; and I will be with thee."
Aspect7, Genesis 31:43 "And Laban answered and said unto Jacob, These daughters are my daughters, and these children are my children, and these cattle are my cattle, and all that thou seest is mine: and what can I do this day unto these my daughters, or unto their children which they have born?"
Aspect7, Genesis 32:3 "And Jacob sent messengers before him to Esau his brother unto the land of Seir, the country of Edom."
Aspect7, Genesis 33:1 "And Jacob lifted up his eyes, and looked, and, behold, Esau came, and with him four hundred men. And he divided the children unto Leah, and unto Rachel, and unto the two handmaids."
Aspect7, Genesis 34:3 "And his soul clave unto Dinah the daughter of Jacob, and he loved the damsel, and spake kindly unto the damsel."
Aspect7, Genesis 34:9 "And make ye marriages with us, and give your daughters unto us, and take our daughters unto you."
Aspect7, Genesis 34:11 "And Shechem said unto her father and unto her brethren, Let me find grace in your eyes, and what ye shall say unto me I will give."
Aspect7, Genesis 34:14 "And they said unto them, We cannot do this thing, to give our sister to one that is uncircumcised; for that were a reproach unto us:"
Aspect7, Genesis 34:15 "But in this will we consent unto you: If ye will be as we be, that every male of you be circumcised;"
Aspect7, Genesis 34:17 "But if ye will not hearken unto us, to be circumcised; then will we take our daughter, and we will be gone."
Aspect7, Genesis 34:23 "Shall not their cattle and their substance and every beast of theirs be ours? only let us consent unto them, and they will dwell with us."
Aspect7, Genesis 35:1 "And God said unto Jacob, Arise, go up to Bethel, and dwell there: and make there an altar unto God, that appeared unto thee when thou fleddest from the face of Esau thy brother."
Aspect7, Genesis 35:27 "And Jacob came unto Isaac his father unto Mamre, unto the city of Arba, which is Hebron, where Abraham and Isaac sojourned."
Aspect7, Genesis 37:6 "And he said unto them, Hear, I pray you, this dream which I have dreamed:"
Aspect7, Genesis 37:29 "And Reuben returned unto the pit; and, behold, Joseph was not in the pit; and he rent his clothes."
Aspect7, Genesis 37:36 "And the Midianites sold him into Egypt unto Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh's, and captain of the guard."
Aspect7, Genesis 38:2 "And Judah saw there a daughter of a certain Canaanite, whose name was Shuah; and he took her, and went in unto her."
Aspect7, Genesis 38:8 "And Judah said unto Onan, Go in unto thy brother's wife, and marry her, and raise up seed to thy brother."
Aspect7, Genesis 38:16 "And he turned unto her by the way, and said, Go to, I pray thee, let me come in unto thee; (for he knew not that she was his daughter in law.) And she said, What wilt thou give me, that thou mayest come in unto me?"
Aspect7, Genesis 39:8 "But he refused, and said unto his master's wife, Behold, my master wotteth not what is with me in the house, and he hath committed all that he hath to my hand;"
Aspect7, Genesis 39:14 "That she called unto the men of her house, and spake unto them, saying, See, he hath brought in an Hebrew unto us to mock us; he came in unto me to lie with me, and I cried with a loud voice:"
Aspect7, Genesis 39:17 "And she spake unto him according to these words, saying, The Hebrew servant, which thou hast brought unto us, came in unto me to mock me:"
Aspect7, Genesis 40:16 "When the chief baker saw that the interpretation was good, he said unto Joseph, I also was in my dream, and, behold, I had three white baskets on my head:"
Aspect7, Genesis 41:15 "And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, I have dreamed a dream, and there is none that can interpret it: and I have heard say of thee, that thou canst understand a dream to interpret it."
Aspect7, Genesis 41:24 "And the thin ears devoured the seven good ears: and I told this unto the magicians; but there was none that could declare it to me."
Aspect7, Genesis 41:28 "This is the thing which I have spoken unto Pharaoh: What God is about to do he showeth unto Pharaoh."
Aspect7, Genesis 41:50 "And unto Joseph were born two sons before the years of famine came, which Asenath the daughter of Potipherah priest of On bare unto him."
Aspect7, Genesis 41:55 "And when all the land of Egypt was famished, the people cried to Pharaoh for bread: and Pharaoh said unto all the Egyptians, Go unto Joseph; what he saith to you, do."
Aspect7, Genesis 42:7 "And Joseph saw his brethren, and he knew them, but made himself strange unto them, and spake roughly unto them; and he said unto them, Whence come ye? And they said, From the land of Canaan to buy food."
Aspect7, Genesis 42:10 "And they said unto him, Nay, my lord, but to buy food are thy servants come."
Aspect7, Genesis 42:14 "And Joseph said unto them, That is it that I spake unto you, saying, Ye are spies:"
Aspect7, Genesis 42:20 "But bring your youngest brother unto me; so shall your words be verified, and ye shall not die. And they did so."
Aspect7, Genesis 42:23 "And they knew not that Joseph understood them; for he spake unto them by an interpreter."
Aspect7, Genesis 42:28 "And he said unto his brethren, My money is restored; and, lo, it is even in my sack: and their heart failed them, and they were afraid, saying one to another, What is this that God hath done unto us?"
Aspect7, Genesis 42:29 "And they came unto Jacob their father unto the land of Canaan, and told him all that befell unto them; saying,"
Aspect7, Genesis 43:11 "And their father Israel said unto them, If it must be so now, do this; take of the best fruits in the land in your vessels, and carry down the man a present, a little balm, and a little honey, spices, and myrrh, nuts, and almonds:"
Aspect7, Genesis 43:34 "And he took and sent messes unto them from before him: but Benjamin's mess was five times so much as any of theirs. And they drank, and were merry with him."
Aspect7, Genesis 44:6 "And he overtook them, and he spake unto them these same words."
Aspect7, Genesis 44:21 "And thou saidst unto thy servants, Bring him down unto me, that I may set mine eyes upon him."
Aspect7, Genesis 44:23 "And thou saidst unto thy servants, Except your youngest brother come down with you, ye shall see my face no more."
Aspect7, Genesis 45:9 "Haste ye, and go up to my father, and say unto him, Thus saith thy son Joseph, God hath made me lord of all Egypt: come down unto me, tarry not:"
Aspect7, Genesis 45:17 "And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, Say unto thy brethren, This do ye; lade your beasts, and go, get you unto the land of Canaan;"
Aspect7, Genesis 45:25 "And they went up out of Egypt, and came into the land of Canaan unto Jacob their father,"
Aspect7, Genesis 46:20 "And unto Joseph in the land of Egypt were born Manasseh and Ephraim, which Asenath the daughter of Potipherah priest of On bare unto him."
Aspect7, Genesis 46:25 "These are the sons of Bilhah, which Laban gave unto Rachel his daughter, and she bare these unto Jacob: all the souls were seven."
Aspect7, Genesis 46:28 "And he sent Judah before him unto Joseph, to direct his face unto Goshen; and they came into the land of Goshen."
Aspect7, Genesis 46:29 "And Joseph made ready his chariot, and went up to meet Israel his father, to Goshen, and presented himself unto him; and he fell on his neck, and wept on his neck a good while."
Aspect7, Genesis 46:31 "And Joseph said unto his brethren, and unto his father's house, I will go up, and show Pharaoh, and say unto him, My brethren, and my father's house, which were in the land of Canaan, are come unto me;"
Aspect7, Genesis 47:5 "And Pharaoh spake unto Joseph, saying, Thy father and thy brethren are come unto thee:"
Aspect7, Genesis 47:9 "And Jacob said unto Pharaoh, The days of the years of my pilgrimage are an hundred and thirty years: few and evil have the days of the years of my life been, and have not attained unto the days of the years of the life of my fathers in the days of their pilgrimage."
Aspect7, Genesis 47:31 "And he said, Swear unto me. And he sware unto him. And Israel bowed himself upon the bed's head."
Aspect7, Genesis 48:3 "And Jacob said unto Joseph, God Almighty appeared unto me at Luz in the land of Canaan, and blessed me,"
Aspect7, Genesis 48:5 "And now thy two sons, Ephraim and Manasseh, which were born unto thee in the land of Egypt before I came unto thee into Egypt, are mine; as Reuben and Simeon, they shall be mine."
Aspect7, Genesis 48:21 "And Israel said unto Joseph, Behold, I die: but God shall be with you, and bring you again unto the land of your fathers."
Aspect7, Genesis 49:11 "Binding his foal unto the vine, and his ass's colt unto the choice vine; he washed his garments in wine, and his clothes in the blood of grapes:"
Aspect7, Genesis 49:13 "Zebulun shall dwell at the haven of the sea; and he shall be for an haven of ships; and his border shall be unto Zidon."
Aspect7, Genesis 49:29 "And he charged them, and said unto them, I am to be gathered unto my people: bury me with my fathers in the cave that is in the field of Ephron the Hittite,"
Aspect7, Genesis 50:12 "And his sons did unto him according as he commanded them:"
Aspect7, Genesis 50:20 "But as for you, ye thought evil against me; but God meant it unto good, to bring to pass, as it is this day, to save much people alive."
Aspect7, Genesis 50:24 "And Joseph said unto his brethren, I die: and God will surely visit you, and bring you out of this land unto the land which he sware to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob."
Aspect7, Exodus 1:19 "And the midwives said unto Pharaoh, Because the Hebrew women are not as the Egyptian women; for they are lively, and are delivered ere the midwives come in unto them."
Aspect7, Exodus 3:8 "And I am come down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians, and to bring them up out of that land unto a good land and a large, unto a land flowing with milk and honey; unto the place of the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites."
Aspect7, Exodus 3:11 "And Moses said unto God, Who am I, that I should go unto Pharaoh, and that I should bring forth the children of Israel out of Egypt?"
Aspect7, Exodus 3:13 "And Moses said unto God, Behold, when I come unto the children of Israel, and shall say unto them, The God of your fathers hath sent me unto you; and they shall say to me, What is his name? what shall I say unto them?"
Aspect7, Exodus 3:14 "And God said unto Moses, I AM THAT I AM: and he said, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, I AM hath sent me unto you."
Aspect7, Exodus 3:15 "And God said moreover unto Moses, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, the LORD God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, hath sent me unto you: this is my name for ever, and this is my memorial unto all generations."
Aspect7, Exodus 3:17 "And I have said, I will bring you up out of the affliction of Egypt unto the land of the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, unto a land flowing with milk and honey."
Aspect7, Exodus 4:21 "And the LORD said unto Moses, When thou goest to return into Egypt, see that thou do all those wonders before Pharaoh, which I have put in thine hand: but I will harden his heart, that he shall not let the people go."
Aspect7, Exodus 5:4 "And the king of Egypt said unto them, Wherefore do ye, Moses and Aaron, let the people from their works? get you unto your burdens."
Aspect7, Exodus 6:2 "And God spake unto Moses, and said unto him, I am the LORD:"
Aspect7, Exodus 6:3 "And I appeared unto Abraham, unto Isaac, and unto Jacob, by the name of God Almighty, but by my name JEHOVAH was I not known to them."
Aspect7, Exodus 6:6 "Wherefore say unto the children of Israel, I am the LORD, and I will bring you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians, and I will rid you out of their bondage, and I will redeem you with a stretched out arm, and with great judgments:"
Aspect7, Exodus 6:8 "And I will bring you in unto the land, concerning the which I did swear to give it to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob; and I will give it you for an heritage: I am the LORD."
Aspect7, Exodus 6:9 "And Moses spake so unto the children of Israel: but they hearkened not unto Moses for anguish of spirit, and for cruel bondage."
Aspect7, Exodus 6:11 "Go in, speak unto Pharaoh king of Egypt, that he let the children of Israel go out of his land."
Aspect7, Exodus 6:13 "And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, and gave them a charge unto the children of Israel, and unto Pharaoh king of Egypt, to bring the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt."
Aspect7, Exodus 6:29 "That the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, I am the LORD: speak thou unto Pharaoh king of Egypt all that I say unto thee."
Aspect7, Exodus 7:7 "And Moses was fourscore years old, and Aaron fourscore and three years old, when they spake unto Pharaoh."
Aspect7, Exodus 7:8 "And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,"
Aspect7, Exodus 7:9 "When Pharaoh shall speak unto you, saying, Show a miracle for you: then thou shalt say unto Aaron, Take thy rod, and cast it before Pharaoh, and it shall become a serpent."
Aspect7, Exodus 7:19 "And the LORD spake unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, Take thy rod, and stretch out thine hand upon the waters of Egypt, upon their streams, upon their rivers, and upon their ponds, and upon all their pools of water, that they may become blood; and that there may be blood throughout all the land of Egypt, both in vessels of wood, and in vessels of stone."
Aspect7, Exodus 8:1 "And the LORD spake unto Moses, Go unto Pharaoh, and say unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Let my people go, that they may serve me."
Aspect7, Exodus 8:5 "And the LORD spake unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, Stretch forth thine hand with thy rod over the streams, over the rivers, and over the ponds, and cause frogs to come up upon the land of Egypt."
Aspect7, Exodus 8:16 "And the LORD said unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, Stretch out thy rod, and smite the dust of the land, that it may become lice throughout all the land of Egypt."
Aspect7, Exodus 9:1 "Then the LORD said unto Moses, Go in unto Pharaoh, and tell him, Thus saith the LORD God of the Hebrews, Let my people go, that they may serve me."
Aspect7, Exodus 10:1 "And the LORD said unto Moses, Go in unto Pharaoh: for I have hardened his heart, and the heart of his servants, that I might show these my signs before him:"
Aspect7, Exodus 10:3 "And Moses and Aaron came in unto Pharaoh, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of the Hebrews, How long wilt thou refuse to humble thyself before me? let my people go, that they may serve me."
Aspect7, Exodus 10:7 "And Pharaoh's servants said unto him, How long shall this man be a snare unto us? let the men go, that they may serve the LORD their God: knowest thou not yet that Egypt is destroyed?"
Aspect7, Exodus 10:8 "And Moses and Aaron were brought again unto Pharaoh: and he said unto them, Go, serve the LORD your God: but who are they that shall go?"
Aspect7, Exodus 10:12 "And the LORD said unto Moses, Stretch out thine hand over the land of Egypt for the locusts, that they may come up upon the land of Egypt, and eat every herb of the land, even all that the hail hath left."
Aspect7, Exodus 11:1 "And the LORD said unto Moses, Yet will I bring one plague more upon Pharaoh, and upon Egypt; afterwards he will let you go hence: when he shall let you go, he shall surely thrust you out hence altogether."
Aspect7, Exodus 11:9 "And the LORD said unto Moses, Pharaoh shall not hearken unto you; that my wonders may be multiplied in the land of Egypt."
Aspect7, Exodus 12:2 "This month shall be unto you the beginning of months: it shall be the first month of the year to you."
Aspect7, Exodus 12:49 "One law shall be to him that is homeborn, and unto the stranger that sojourneth among you."
Aspect7, Exodus 14:15 "And the LORD said unto Moses, Wherefore criest thou unto me? speak unto the children of Israel, that they go forward:"
Aspect7, Exodus 14:26 "And the LORD said unto Moses, Stretch out thine hand over the sea, that the waters may come again upon the Egyptians, upon their chariots, and upon their horsemen."
Aspect7, Exodus 16:9 "And Moses spake unto Aaron, Say unto all the congregation of the children of Israel, Come near before the LORD: for he hath heard your murmurings."
Aspect7, Exodus 16:20 "Notwithstanding they hearkened not unto Moses; but some of them left of it until the morning, and it bred worms, and stank: and Moses was wroth with them."
Aspect7, Exodus 18:6 "And he said unto Moses, I thy father in law Jethro am come unto thee, and thy wife, and her two sons with her."
Aspect7, Exodus 18:15 "And Moses said unto his father in law, Because the people come unto me to inquire of God:"
Aspect7, Exodus 19:6 "And ye shall be unto me a kingdom of priests, and an holy nation. These are the words which thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel."
Aspect7, Exodus 19:10 "And the LORD said unto Moses, Go unto the people, and sanctify them to day and to morrow, and let them wash their clothes,"
Aspect7, Exodus 19:25 "So Moses went down unto the people, and spake unto them."
Aspect7, Exodus 20:22 "And the LORD said unto Moses, Thus thou shalt say unto the children of Israel, Ye have seen that I have talked with you from heaven."
Aspect7, Exodus 21:11 "And if he do not these three unto her, then shall she go out free without money."
Aspect7, Exodus 21:32 "If the ox shall push a manservant or a maidservant; he shall give unto their master thirty shekels of silver, and the ox shall be stoned."
Aspect7, Exodus 21:34 "The owner of the pit shall make it good, and give money unto the owner of them; and the dead beast shall be his."
Aspect7, Exodus 22:12 "And if it be stolen from him, he shall make restitution unto the owner thereof."
Aspect7, Exodus 22:20 "He that sacrificeth unto any god, save unto the LORD only, he shall be utterly destroyed."
Aspect7, Exodus 22:23 "If thou afflict them in any wise, and they cry at all unto me, I will surely hear their cry;"
Aspect7, Exodus 23:22 "But if thou shalt indeed obey his voice, and do all that I speak; then I will be an enemy unto thine enemies, and an adversary unto thine adversaries."
Aspect7, Exodus 24:1 "And he said unto Moses, Come up unto the LORD, thou, and Aaron, Nadab, and Abihu, and seventy of the elders of Israel; and worship ye afar off."
Aspect7, Exodus 24:14 "And he said unto the elders, Tarry ye here for us, until we come again unto you: and, behold, Aaron and Hur are with you: if any man have any matters to do, let him come unto them."
Aspect7, Exodus 25:34 "And in the candlesticks shall be four bowls made like unto almonds, with their knops and their flowers."
Aspect7, Exodus 28:43 "And they shall be upon Aaron, and upon his sons, when they come in unto the tabernacle of the congregation, or when they come near unto the altar to minister in the holy place; that they bear not iniquity, and die: it shall be a statute for ever unto him and his seed after him."
Aspect7, Exodus 29:1 "And this is the thing that thou shalt do unto them to hallow them, to minister unto me in the priest's office: Take one young bullock, and two rams without blemish,"
Aspect7, Exodus 29:42 "This shall be a continual burnt offering throughout your generations at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation before the LORD: where I will meet you, to speak there unto thee."
Aspect7, Exodus 30:14 "Every one that passeth among them that are numbered, from twenty years old and above, shall give an offering unto the LORD."
Aspect7, Exodus 30:34 "And the LORD said unto Moses, Take unto thee sweet spices, stacte, and onycha, and galbanum; these sweet spices with pure frankincense: of each shall there be a like weight:"
Aspect7, Exodus 32:2 "And Aaron said unto them, Break off the golden earrings, which are in the ears of your wives, of your sons, and of your daughters, and bring them unto me."
Aspect7, Exodus 32:13 "Remember Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, thy servants, to whom thou swarest by thine own self, and saidst unto them, I will multiply your seed as the stars of heaven, and all this land that I have spoken of will I give unto your seed, and they shall inherit it for ever."
Aspect7, Exodus 33:1 "And the LORD said unto Moses, Depart, and go up hence, thou and the people which thou hast brought up out of the land of Egypt, unto the land which I sware unto Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, saying, Unto thy seed will I give it:"
Aspect7, Exodus 33:11 "And the LORD spake unto Moses face to face, as a man speaketh unto his friend. And he turned again into the camp: but his servant Joshua, the son of Nun, a young man, departed not out of the tabernacle."
Aspect7, Exodus 33:15 "And he said unto him, If thy presence go not with me, carry us not up hence."
Aspect7, Exodus 34:1 "And the LORD said unto Moses, Hew thee two tables of stone like unto the first: and I will write upon these tables the words that were in the first tables, which thou brakest."
Aspect7, Exodus 34:31 "And Moses called unto them; and Aaron and all the rulers of the congregation returned unto him: and Moses talked with them."
Aspect7, Exodus 36:10 "And he coupled the five curtains one unto another: and the other five curtains he coupled one unto another."
Aspect7, Exodus 36:13 "And he made fifty taches of gold, and coupled the curtains one unto another with the taches: so it became one tabernacle."
Aspect7, Leviticus 1:1 "And the LORD called unto Moses, and spake unto him out of the tabernacle of the congregation, saying,"
Aspect7, Leviticus 1:2 "Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, If any man of you bring an offering unto the LORD, ye shall bring your offering of the cattle, even of the herd, and of the flock."
Aspect7, Leviticus 2:8 "And thou shalt bring the meat offering that is made of these things unto the LORD: and when it is presented unto the priest, he shall bring it unto the altar."
Aspect7, Leviticus 6:6 "And he shall bring his trespass offering unto the LORD, a ram without blemish out of the flock, with thy estimation, for a trespass offering, unto the priest:"
Aspect7, Leviticus 7:29 "Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, He that offereth the sacrifice of his peace offerings unto the LORD shall bring his oblation unto the LORD of the sacrifice of his peace offerings."
Aspect7, Leviticus 9:8 "Aaron therefore went unto the altar, and slew the calf of the sin offering, which was for himself."
Aspect7, Leviticus 9:13 "And they presented the burnt offering unto him, with the pieces thereof, and the head: and he burnt them upon the altar."
Aspect7, Leviticus 10:6 "And Moses said unto Aaron, and unto Eleazar and unto Ithamar, his sons, Uncover not your heads, neither rend your clothes; lest ye die, and lest wrath come upon all the people: but let your brethren, the whole house of Israel, bewail the burning which the LORD hath kindled."
Aspect7, Leviticus 10:12 "And Moses spake unto Aaron, and unto Eleazar and unto Ithamar, his sons that were left, Take the meat offering that remaineth of the offerings of the LORD made by fire, and eat it without leaven beside the altar: for it is most holy:"
Aspect7, Leviticus 11:1 "And the LORD spake unto Moses and to Aaron, saying unto them,"
Aspect7, Leviticus 11:5 "And the coney, because he cheweth the cud, but divideth not the hoof; he is unclean unto you."
Aspect7, Leviticus 11:6 "And the hare, because he cheweth the cud, but divideth not the hoof; he is unclean unto you."
Aspect7, Leviticus 11:10 "And all that have not fins and scales in the seas, and in the rivers, of all that move in the waters, and of any living thing which is in the waters, they shall be an abomination unto you:"
Aspect7, Leviticus 11:12 "Whatsoever hath no fins nor scales in the waters, that shall be an abomination unto you."
Aspect7, Leviticus 11:20 "All fowls that creep, going upon all four, shall be an abomination unto you."
Aspect7, Leviticus 11:23 "But all other flying creeping things, which have four feet, shall be an abomination unto you."
Aspect7, Leviticus 11:28 "And he that beareth the carcass of them shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even: they are unclean unto you."
Aspect7, Leviticus 13:9 "When the plague of leprosy is in a man, then he shall be brought unto the priest;"
Aspect7, Leviticus 13:16 "Or if the raw flesh turn again, and be changed unto white, he shall come unto the priest;"
Aspect7, Leviticus 14:23 "And he shall bring them on the eighth day for his cleansing unto the priest, unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, before the LORD."
Aspect7, Leviticus 14:33 "And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,"
Aspect7, Leviticus 15:2 "Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When any man hath a running issue out of his flesh, because of his issue he is unclean."
Aspect7, Leviticus 15:14 "And on the eighth day he shall take to him two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, and come before the LORD unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and give them unto the priest:"
Aspect7, Leviticus 15:29 "And on the eighth day she shall take unto her two turtles, or two young pigeons, and bring them unto the priest, to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation."
Aspect7, Leviticus 16:2 "And the LORD said unto Moses, Speak unto Aaron thy brother, that he come not at all times into the holy place within the vail before the mercy seat, which is upon the ark; that he die not: for I will appear in the cloud upon the mercy seat."
Aspect7, Leviticus 16:31 "It shall be a sabbath of rest unto you, and ye shall afflict your souls, by a statute for ever."
Aspect7, Leviticus 17:2 "Speak unto Aaron, and unto his sons, and unto all the children of Israel, and say unto them; This is the thing which the LORD hath commanded, saying,"
Aspect7, Leviticus 17:4 "And bringeth it not unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, to offer an offering unto the LORD before the tabernacle of the LORD; blood shall be imputed unto that man; he hath shed blood; and that man shall be cut off from among his people:"
Aspect7, Leviticus 17:5 "To the end that the children of Israel may bring their sacrifices, which they offer in the open field, even that they may bring them unto the LORD, unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, unto the priest, and offer them for peace offerings unto the LORD."
Aspect7, Leviticus 17:7 "And they shall no more offer their sacrifices unto devils, after whom they have gone a whoring. This shall be a statute for ever unto them throughout their generations."
Aspect7, Leviticus 17:9 "And bringeth it not unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, to offer it unto the LORD; even that man shall be cut off from among his people."
Aspect7, Leviticus 18:2 "Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, I am the LORD your God."
Aspect7, Leviticus 19:2 "Speak unto all the congregation of the children of Israel, and say unto them, Ye shall be holy: for I the LORD your God am holy."
Aspect7, Leviticus 19:21 "And he shall bring his trespass offering unto the LORD, unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, even a ram for a trespass offering."
Aspect7, Leviticus 20:24 "But I have said unto you, Ye shall inherit their land, and I will give it unto you to possess it, a land that floweth with milk and honey: I am the LORD your God, which have separated you from other people."
Aspect7, Leviticus 21:1 "And the LORD said unto Moses, Speak unto the priests the sons of Aaron, and say unto them, There shall none be defiled for the dead among his people:"
Aspect7, Leviticus 21:3 "And for his sister a virgin, that is nigh unto him, which hath had no husband; for her may he be defiled."
Aspect7, Leviticus 21:7 "They shall not take a wife that is a whore, or profane; neither shall they take a woman put away from her husband: for he is holy unto his God."
Aspect7, Leviticus 21:23 "Only he shall not go in unto the vail, nor come nigh unto the altar, because he hath a blemish; that he profane not my sanctuaries: for I the LORD do sanctify them."
Aspect7, Leviticus 21:24 "And Moses told it unto Aaron, and to his sons, and unto all the children of Israel."
Aspect7, Leviticus 22:18 "Speak unto Aaron, and to his sons, and unto all the children of Israel, and say unto them, Whatsoever he be of the house of Israel, or of the strangers in Israel, that will offer his oblation for all his vows, and for all his freewill offerings, which they will offer unto the LORD for a burnt offering;"
Aspect7, Leviticus 23:2 "Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, Concerning the feasts of the LORD, which ye shall proclaim to be holy convocations, even these are my feasts."
Aspect7, Leviticus 23:6 "And on the fifteenth day of the same month is the feast of unleavened bread unto the LORD: seven days ye must eat unleavened bread."
Aspect7, Leviticus 23:10 "Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye be come into the land which I give unto you, and shall reap the harvest thereof, then ye shall bring a sheaf of the firstfruits of your harvest unto the priest:"
Aspect7, Leviticus 23:16 "Even unto the morrow after the seventh sabbath shall ye number fifty days; and ye shall offer a new meat offering unto the LORD."
Aspect7, Leviticus 23:18 "And ye shall offer with the bread seven lambs without blemish of the first year, and one young bullock, and two rams: they shall be for a burnt offering unto the LORD, with their meat offering, and their drink offerings, even an offering made by fire, of sweet savor unto the LORD."
Aspect7, Leviticus 23:27 "Also on the tenth day of this seventh month there shall be a day of atonement: it shall be an holy convocation unto you; and ye shall afflict your souls, and offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD."
Aspect7, Leviticus 23:34 "Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, The fifteenth day of this seventh month shall be the feast of tabernacles for seven days unto the LORD."
Aspect7, Leviticus 23:36 "Seven days ye shall offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD: on the eighth day shall be an holy convocation unto you; and ye shall offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD: it is a solemn assembly; and ye shall do no servile work therein."
Aspect7, Leviticus 25:2 "Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye come into the land which I give you, then shall the land keep a sabbath unto the LORD."
Aspect7, Leviticus 25:8 "And thou shalt number seven sabbaths of years unto thee, seven times seven years; and the space of the seven sabbaths of years shall be unto thee forty and nine years."
Aspect7, Leviticus 25:10 "And ye shall hallow the fiftieth year, and proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof: it shall be a jubilee unto you; and ye shall return every man unto his possession, and ye shall return every man unto his family."
Aspect7, Leviticus 25:13 "In the year of this jubilee ye shall return every man unto his possession."
Aspect7, Leviticus 25:27 "Then let him count the years of the sale thereof, and restore the overplus unto the man to whom he sold it; that he may return unto his possession."
Aspect7, Leviticus 25:28 "But if he be not able to restore it to him, then that which is sold shall remain in the hand of him that hath bought it until the year of jubilee: and in the jubilee it shall go out, and he shall return unto his possession."
Aspect7, Leviticus 25:41 "And then shall he depart from thee, both he and his children with him, and shall return unto his own family, and unto the possession of his fathers shall he return."
Aspect7, Leviticus 25:50 "And he shall reckon with him that bought him from the year that he was sold to him unto the year of jubilee: and the price of his sale shall be according unto the number of years, according to the time of an hired servant shall it be with him."
Aspect7, Leviticus 25:51 "If there be yet many years behind, according unto them he shall give again the price of his redemption out of the money that he was bought for."
Aspect7, Leviticus 25:52 "And if there remain but few years unto the year of jubilee, then he shall count with him, and according unto his years shall he give him again the price of his redemption."
Aspect7, Leviticus 26:18 "And if ye will not yet for all this hearken unto me, then I will punish you seven times more for your sins."
Aspect7, Leviticus 26:21 "And if ye walk contrary unto me, and will not hearken unto me; I will bring seven times more plagues upon you according to your sins."
Aspect7, Leviticus 26:27 "And if ye will not for all this hearken unto me, but walk contrary unto me;"
Aspect7, Leviticus 27:2 "Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When a man shall make a singular vow, the persons shall be for the LORD by thy estimation."
Aspect7, Leviticus 27:9 "And if it be a beast, whereof men bring an offering unto the LORD, all that any man giveth of such unto the LORD shall be holy."
Aspect7, Leviticus 27:18 "But if he sanctify his field after the jubilee, then the priest shall reckon unto him the money according to the years that remain, even unto the year of the jubilee, and it shall be abated from thy estimation."
Aspect7, Leviticus 27:23 "Then the priest shall reckon unto him the worth of thy estimation, even unto the year of the jubilee: and he shall give thine estimation in that day, as a holy thing unto the LORD."
Aspect7, Leviticus 27:24 "In the year of the jubilee the field shall return unto him of whom it was bought, even to him to whom the possession of the land did belong."
Aspect7, Numbers 1:1 "And the LORD spake unto Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, in the tabernacle of the congregation, on the first day of the second month, in the second year after they were come out of the land of Egypt, saying,"
Aspect7, Numbers 2:1 "And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,"
Aspect7, Numbers 4:1 "And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,"
Aspect7, Numbers 4:17 "And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron saying,"
Aspect7, Numbers 4:19 "But thus do unto them, that they may live, and not die, when they approach unto the most holy things: Aaron and his sons shall go in, and appoint them every one to his service and to his burden:"
Aspect7, Numbers 5:7 "Then they shall confess their sin which they have done: and he shall recompense his trespass with the principal thereof, and add unto it the fifth part thereof, and give it unto him against whom he hath trespassed."
Aspect7, Numbers 5:8 "But if the man have no kinsman to recompense the trespass unto, let the trespass be recompensed unto the LORD, even to the priest; beside the ram of the atonement, whereby an atonement shall be made for him."
Aspect7, Numbers 5:12 "Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, If any man's wife go aside, and commit a trespass against him,"
Aspect7, Numbers 6:2 "Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When either man or woman shall separate themselves to vow a vow of a Nazarite, to separate themselves unto the LORD:"
Aspect7, Numbers 6:21 "This is the law of the Nazarite who hath vowed, and of his offering unto the LORD for his separation, beside that that his hand shall get: according to the vow which he vowed, so he must do after the law of his separation."
Aspect7, Numbers 6:23 "Speak unto Aaron and unto his sons, saying, On this wise ye shall bless the children of Israel, saying unto them,"
Aspect7, Numbers 7:8 "And four wagons and eight oxen he gave unto the sons of Merari, according unto their service, under the hand of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest."
Aspect7, Numbers 7:9 "But unto the sons of Kohath he gave none: because the service of the sanctuary belonging unto them was that they should bear upon their shoulders."
Aspect7, Numbers 7:89 "And when Moses was gone into the tabernacle of the congregation to speak with him, then he heard the voice of one speaking unto him from off the mercy seat that was upon the ark of testimony, from between the two cherubim: and he spake unto him."
Aspect7, Numbers 8:2 "Speak unto Aaron and say unto him, When thou lightest the lamps, the seven lamps shall give light over against the candlestick."
Aspect7, Numbers 8:4 "And this work of the candlestick was of beaten gold, unto the shaft thereof, unto the flowers thereof, was beaten work: according unto the pattern which the LORD had showed Moses, so he made the candlestick."
Aspect7, Numbers 8:16 "For they are wholly given unto me from among the children of Israel; instead of such as open every womb, even instead of the firstborn of all the children of Israel, have I taken them unto me."
Aspect7, Numbers 8:20 "And Moses, and Aaron, and all the congregation of the children of Israel, did to the Levites according unto all that the LORD commanded Moses concerning the Levites, so did the children of Israel unto them."
Aspect7, Numbers 8:24 "This is it that belongeth unto the Levites: from twenty and five years old and upward they shall go in to wait upon the service of the tabernacle of the congregation:"
Aspect7, Numbers 9:10 "Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, If any man of you or of your posterity shall be unclean by reason of a dead body, or be in a journey afar off, yet he shall keep the passover unto the LORD."
Aspect7, Numbers 10:32 "And it shall be, if thou go with us, yea, it shall be, that what goodness the LORD shall do unto us, the same will we do unto thee."
Aspect7, Numbers 11:2 "And the people cried unto Moses; and when Moses prayed unto the LORD, the fire was quenched."
Aspect7, Numbers 11:13 "Whence should I have flesh to give unto all this people? for they weep unto me, saying, Give us flesh, that we may eat."
Aspect7, Numbers 11:16 "And the LORD said unto Moses, Gather unto me seventy men of the elders of Israel, whom thou knowest to be the elders of the people, and officers over them; and bring them unto the tabernacle of the congregation, that they may stand there with thee."
Aspect7, Numbers 11:26 "But there remained two of the men in the camp, the name of the one was Eldad, and the name of the other Medad: and the spirit rested upon them; and they were of them that were written, but went not out unto the tabernacle: and they prophesied in the camp."
Aspect7, Numbers 12:4 "And the LORD spake suddenly unto Moses, and unto Aaron, and unto Miriam, Come out ye three unto the tabernacle of the congregation. And they three came out."
Aspect7, Numbers 13:26 "And they went and came to Moses, and to Aaron, and to all the congregation of the children of Israel, unto the wilderness of Paran, to Kadesh; and brought back word unto them, and unto all the congregation, and showed them the fruit of the land."
Aspect7, Numbers 14:2 "And all the children of Israel murmured against Moses and against Aaron: and the whole congregation said unto them, Would God that we had died in the land of Egypt! or would God we had died in this wilderness!"
Aspect7, Numbers 14:7 "And they spake unto all the company of the children of Israel, saying, The land, which we passed through to search it, is an exceeding good land."
Aspect7, Numbers 14:26 "And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,"
Aspect7, Numbers 15:2 "Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye be come into the land of your habitations, which I give unto you,"
Aspect7, Numbers 15:14 "And if a stranger sojourn with you, or whosoever be among you in your generations, and will offer an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD; as ye do, so he shall do."
Aspect7, Numbers 15:18 "Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye come into the land whither I bring you,"
Aspect7, Numbers 15:33 "And they that found him gathering sticks brought him unto Moses and Aaron, and unto all the congregation."
Aspect7, Numbers 16:5 "And he spake unto Korah and unto all his company, saying, Even to morrow the LORD will show who are his, and who is holy; and will cause him to come near unto him: even him whom he hath chosen will he cause to come near unto him."
Aspect7, Numbers 16:9 "Seemeth it but a small thing unto you, that the God of Israel hath separated you from the congregation of Israel, to bring you near to himself to do the service of the tabernacle of the LORD, and to stand before the congregation to minister unto them?"
Aspect7, Numbers 16:19 "And Korah gathered all the congregation against them unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation: and the glory of the LORD appeared unto all the congregation."
Aspect7, Numbers 16:20 "And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,"
Aspect7, Numbers 16:25 "And Moses rose up and went unto Dathan and Abiram; and the elders of Israel followed him."
Aspect7, Numbers 16:32 "And the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed them up, and their houses, and all the men that appertained unto Korah, and all their goods."
Aspect7, Numbers 16:37 "Speak unto Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest, that he take up the censers out of the burning, and scatter thou the fire yonder; for they are hallowed."
Aspect7, Numbers 16:46 "And Moses said unto Aaron, Take a censer, and put fire therein from off the altar, and put on incense, and go quickly unto the congregation, and make an atonement for them: for there is wrath gone out from the LORD; the plague is begun."
Aspect7, Numbers 16:50 "And Aaron returned unto Moses unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation: and the plague was stayed."
Aspect7, Numbers 17:6 "And Moses spake unto the children of Israel, and every one of their princes gave him a rod apiece, for each prince one, according to their fathers' houses, even twelve rods: and the rod of Aaron was among their rods."
Aspect7, Numbers 18:4 "And they shall be joined unto thee, and keep the charge of the tabernacle of the congregation, for all the service of the tabernacle: and a stranger shall not come nigh unto you."
Aspect7, Numbers 18:13 "And whatsoever is first ripe in the land, which they shall bring unto the LORD, shall be thine; every one that is clean in thine house shall eat of it."
Aspect7, Numbers 18:24 "But the tithes of the children of Israel, which they offer as an heave offering unto the LORD, I have given to the Levites to inherit: therefore I have said unto them, Among the children of Israel they shall have no inheritance."
Aspect7, Numbers 18:26 "Thus speak unto the Levites, and say unto them, When ye take of the children of Israel the tithes which I have given you from them for your inheritance, then ye shall offer up an heave offering of it for the LORD, even a tenth part of the tithe."
Aspect7, Numbers 18:27 "And this your heave offering shall be reckoned unto you, as though it were the corn of the threshingfloor, and as the fulness of the winepress."
Aspect7, Numbers 18:30 "Therefore thou shalt say unto them, When ye have heaved the best thereof from it, then it shall be counted unto the Levites as the increase of the threshingfloor, and as the increase of the winepress."
Aspect7, Numbers 19:1 "And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,"
Aspect7, Numbers 19:10 "And he that gathereth the ashes of the heifer shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even: and it shall be unto the children of Israel, and unto the stranger that sojourneth among them, for a statute for ever."
Aspect7, Numbers 20:14 "And Moses sent messengers from Kadesh unto the king of Edom, Thus saith thy brother Israel, Thou knowest all the travail that hath befallen us:"
Aspect7, Numbers 21:17 "Then Israel sang this song, Spring up, O well; sing ye unto it:"
Aspect7, Numbers 21:21 "And Israel sent messengers unto Sihon king of the Amorites, saying,"
Aspect7, Numbers 21:24 "And Israel smote him with the edge of the sword, and possessed his land from Arnon unto Jabbok, even unto the children of Ammon: for the border of the children of Ammon was strong."
Aspect7, Numbers 21:30 "We have shot at them; Heshbon is perished even unto Dibon, and we have laid them waste even unto Nophah, which reacheth unto Medeba."
Aspect7, Numbers 22:7 "And the elders of Moab and the elders of Midian departed with the rewards of divination in their hand; and they came unto Balaam, and spake unto him the words of Balak."
Aspect7, Numbers 22:8 "And he said unto them, Lodge here this night, and I will bring you word again, as the LORD shall speak unto me: and the princes of Moab abode with Balaam."
Aspect7, Numbers 22:10 "And Balaam said unto God, Balak the son of Zippor, king of Moab, hath sent unto me, saying,"
Aspect7, Numbers 22:20 "And God came unto Balaam at night, and said unto him, If the men come to call thee, rise up, and go with them; but yet the word which I shall say unto thee, that shalt thou do."
Aspect7, Numbers 22:28 "And the LORD opened the mouth of the ass, and she said unto Balaam, What have I done unto thee, that thou hast smitten me these three times?"
Aspect7, Numbers 22:30 "And the ass said unto Balaam, Am not I thine ass, upon which thou hast ridden ever since I was thine unto this day? was I ever wont to do so unto thee? And he said, Nay."
Aspect7, Numbers 22:38 "And Balaam said unto Balak, Lo, I am come unto thee: have I now any power at all to say any thing? the word that God putteth in my mouth, that shall I speak."
Aspect7, Numbers 23:5 "And the LORD put a word in Balaam's mouth, and said, Return unto Balak, and thus thou shalt speak."
Aspect7, Numbers 23:6 "And he returned unto him, and, lo, he stood by his burnt sacrifice, he, and all the princes of Moab."
Aspect7, Numbers 23:11 "And Balak said unto Balaam, What hast thou done unto me? I took thee to curse mine enemies, and, behold, thou hast blessed them altogether."
Aspect7, Numbers 23:16 "And the LORD met Balaam, and put a word in his mouth, and said, Go again unto Balak, and say thus."
Aspect7, Numbers 23:28 "And Balak brought Balaam unto the top of Peor, that looketh toward Jeshimon."
Aspect7, Numbers 24:12 "And Balaam said unto Balak, Spake I not also to thy messengers which thou sentest unto me, saying,"
Aspect7, Numbers 25:2 "And they called the people unto the sacrifices of their gods: and the people did eat, and bowed down to their gods."
Aspect7, Numbers 26:53 "Unto these the land shall be divided for an inheritance according to the number of names."
Aspect7, Numbers 26:60 "And unto Aaron was born Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar."
Aspect7, Numbers 27:9 "And if he have no daughter, then ye shall give his inheritance unto his brethren."
Aspect7, Numbers 27:11 "And if his father have no brethren, then ye shall give his inheritance unto his kinsman that is next to him of his family, and he shall possess it: and it shall be unto the children of Israel a statute of judgment, as the LORD commanded Moses."
Aspect7, Numbers 27:12 "And the LORD said unto Moses, Get thee up into this mount Abarim, and see the land which I have given unto the children of Israel."
Aspect7, Numbers 28:2 "Command the children of Israel, and say unto them, My offering, and my bread for my sacrifices made by fire, for a sweet savor unto me, shall ye observe to offer unto me in their due season."
Aspect7, Numbers 28:3 "And thou shalt say unto them, This is the offering made by fire which ye shall offer unto the LORD; two lambs of the first year without spot day by day, for a continual burnt offering."
Aspect7, Numbers 28:13 "And a several tenth deal of flour mingled with oil for a meat offering unto one lamb; for a burnt offering of a sweet savor, a sacrifice made by fire unto the LORD."
Aspect7, Numbers 28:14 "And their drink offerings shall be half an hin of wine unto a bullock, and the third part of an hin unto a ram, and a fourth part of an hin unto a lamb: this is the burnt offering of every month throughout the months of the year."
Aspect7, Numbers 28:15 "And one kid of the goats for a sin offering unto the LORD shall be offered, beside the continual burnt offering, and his drink offering."
Aspect7, Numbers 28:19 "But ye shall offer a sacrifice made by fire for a burnt offering unto the LORD; two young bullocks, and one ram, and seven lambs of the first year: they shall be unto you without blemish:"
Aspect7, Numbers 28:28 "And their meat offering of flour mingled with oil, three tenth deals unto one bullock, two tenth deals unto one ram,"
Aspect7, Numbers 28:31 "Ye shall offer them beside the continual burnt offering, and his meat offering, (they shall be unto you without blemish) and their drink offerings."
Aspect7, Numbers 29:6 "Beside the burnt offering of the month, and his meat offering, and the daily burnt offering, and his meat offering, and their drink offerings, according unto their manner, for a sweet savor, a sacrifice made by fire unto the LORD."
Aspect7, Numbers 29:8 "But ye shall offer a burnt offering unto the LORD for a sweet savor; one young bullock, one ram, and seven lambs of the first year; they shall be unto you without blemish:"
Aspect7, Numbers 31:3 "And Moses spake unto the people, saying, Arm some of yourselves unto the war, and let them go against the Midianites, and avenge the LORD of Midian."
Aspect7, Numbers 31:12 "And they brought the captives, and the prey, and the spoil, unto Moses, and Eleazar the priest, and unto the congregation of the children of Israel, unto the camp at the plains of Moab, which are by Jordan near Jericho."
Aspect7, Numbers 31:48 "And the officers which were over thousands of the host, the captains of thousands, and captains of hundreds, came near unto Moses:"
Aspect7, Numbers 32:2 "The children of Gad and the children of Reuben came and spake unto Moses, and to Eleazar the priest, and unto the princes of the congregation, saying,"
Aspect7, Numbers 32:11 "Surely none of the men that came up out of Egypt, from twenty years old and upward, shall see the land which I sware unto Abraham, unto Isaac, and unto Jacob; because they have not wholly followed me:"
Aspect7, Numbers 32:18 "We will not return unto our houses, until the children of Israel have inherited every man his inheritance."
Aspect7, Numbers 32:38 "And Nebo, and Baalmeon, (their names being changed,) and Shibmah: and gave other names unto the cities which they builded."
Aspect7, Numbers 33:49 "And they pitched by Jordan, from Bethjesimoth even unto Abelshittim in the plains of Moab."
Aspect7, Numbers 33:51 "Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye are passed over Jordan into the land of Canaan;"
Aspect7, Numbers 33:56 "Moreover it shall come to pass, that I shall do unto you, as I thought to do unto them."
Aspect7, Numbers 34:2 "Command the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye come into the land of Canaan; (this is the land that shall fall unto you for an inheritance, even the land of Canaan with the coasts thereof:)"
Aspect7, Numbers 34:5 "And the border shall fetch a compass from Azmon unto the river of Egypt, and the goings out of it shall be at the sea."
Aspect7, Numbers 34:17 "These are the names of the men which shall divide the land unto you: Eleazar the priest, and Joshua the son of Nun."
Aspect7, Numbers 35:2 "Command the children of Israel, that they give unto the Levites of the inheritance of their possession cities to dwell in; and ye shall give also unto the Levites suburbs for the cities round about them."
Aspect7, Numbers 35:10 "Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye be come over Jordan into the land of Canaan;"
Aspect7, Numbers 35:12 "And they shall be unto you cities for refuge from the avenger; that the manslayer die not, until he stand before the congregation in judgment."
Aspect7, Numbers 36:13 "These are the commandments and the judgments, which the LORD commanded by the hand of Moses unto the children of Israel in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 1:3 "And it came to pass in the fortieth year, in the eleventh month, on the first day of the month, that Moses spake unto the children of Israel, according unto all that the LORD had given him in commandment unto them;"
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 1:7 "Turn you, and take your journey, and go to the mount of the Amorites, and unto all the places nigh thereunto, in the plain, in the hills, and in the vale, and in the south, and by the sea side, to the land of the Canaanites, and unto Lebanon, unto the great river, the river Euphrates."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 1:8 "Behold, I have set the land before you: go in and possess the land which the LORD sware unto your fathers, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, to give unto them and to their seed after them."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 1:20 "And I said unto you, Ye are come unto the mountain of the Amorites, which the LORD our God doth give unto us."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 1:35 "Surely there shall not one of these men of this evil generation see that good land, which I sware to give unto your fathers."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 1:39 "Moreover your little ones, which ye said should be a prey, and your children, which in that day had no knowledge between good and evil, they shall go in thither, and unto them will I give it, and they shall possess it."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 1:42 "And the LORD said unto me, Say unto them. Go not up, neither fight; for I am not among you; lest ye be smitten before your enemies."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 2:1 "Then we turned, and took our journey into the wilderness by the way of the Red sea, as the LORD spake unto me: and we compassed mount Seir many days."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 2:12 "The Horims also dwelt in Seir beforetime; but the children of Esau succeeded them, when they had destroyed them from before them, and dwelt in their stead; as Israel did unto the land of his possession, which the LORD gave unto them."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 2:36 "From Aroer, which is by the brink of the river of Arnon, and from the city that is by the river, even unto Gilead, there was not one city too strong for us: the LORD our God delivered all unto us:"
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 2:37 "Only unto the land of the children of Ammon thou camest not, nor unto any place of the river Jabbok, nor unto the cities in the mountains, nor unto whatsoever the LORD our God forbade us."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 3:2 "And the LORD said unto me, Fear him not: for I will deliver him, and all his people, and his land, into thy hand; and thou shalt do unto him as thou didst unto Sihon king of the Amorites, which dwelt at Heshbon."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 3:15 "And I gave Gilead unto Machir."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 3:16 "And unto the Reubenites and unto the Gadites I gave from Gilead even unto the river Arnon half the valley, and the border even unto the river Jabbok, which is the border of the children of Ammon;"
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 3:20 "Until the LORD have given rest unto your brethren, as well as unto you, and until they also possess the land which the LORD your God hath given them beyond Jordan: and then shall ye return every man unto his possession, which I have given you."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 4:1 "Now therefore hearken, O Israel, unto the statutes and unto the judgments, which I teach you, for to do them, that ye may live, and go in and possess the land which the LORD God of your fathers giveth you."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 4:4 "But ye that did cleave unto the LORD your God are alive every one of you this day."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 4:15 "Take ye therefore good heed unto yourselves; for ye saw no manner of similitude on the day that the LORD spake unto you in Horeb out of the midst of the fire:"
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 4:42 "That the slayer might flee thither, which should kill his neighbor unawares, and hated him not in times past; and that fleeing unto one of these cities he might live:"
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 4:48 "From Aroer, which is by the bank of the river Arnon, even unto mount Sion, which is Hermon,"
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 4:49 "And all the plain on this side Jordan eastward, even unto the sea of the plain, under the springs of Pisgah."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 10:1 "At that time the LORD said unto me, Hew thee two tables of stone like unto the first, and come up unto me into the mount, and make thee an ark of wood."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 10:11 "And the LORD said unto me, Arise, take thy journey before the people, that they may go in and possess the land, which I sware unto their fathers to give unto them."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 11:3 "And his miracles, and his acts, which he did in the midst of Egypt unto Pharaoh the king of Egypt, and unto all his land;"
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 11:4 "And what he did unto the army of Egypt, unto their horses, and to their chariots; how he made the water of the Red sea to overflow them as they pursued after you, and how the LORD hath destroyed them unto this day;"
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 11:5 "And what he did unto you in the wilderness, until ye came into this place;"
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 11:9 "And that ye may prolong your days in the land, which the LORD sware unto your fathers to give unto them and to their seed, a land that floweth with milk and honey."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 17:9 "And thou shalt come unto the priests the Levites, and unto the judge that shall be in those days, and inquire; and they shall show thee the sentence of judgment:"
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 18:15 "The LORD thy God will raise up unto thee a Prophet from the midst of thee, of thy brethren, like unto me; unto him ye shall hearken;"
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 18:18 "I will raise them up a Prophet from among their brethren, like unto thee, and will put my words in his mouth; and he shall speak unto them all that I shall command him."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 19:19 "Then shall ye do unto him, as he had thought to have done unto his brother: so shalt thou put the evil away from among you."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 20:2 "And it shall be, when ye are come nigh unto the battle, that the priest shall approach and speak unto the people,"
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 20:3 "And shall say unto them, Hear, O Israel, ye approach this day unto battle against your enemies: let not your hearts faint, fear not, and do not tremble, neither be ye terrified because of them;"
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 20:7 "And what man is there that hath betrothed a wife, and hath not taken her? let him go and return unto his house, lest he die in the battle, and another man take her."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 20:8 "And the officers shall speak further unto the people, and they shall say, What man is there that is fearful and fainthearted? let him go and return unto his house, lest his brethren's heart faint as well as his heart."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 20:10 "When thou comest nigh unto a city to fight against it, then proclaim peace unto it."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 21:8 "Be merciful, O LORD, unto thy people Israel, whom thou hast redeemed, and lay not innocent blood unto thy people of Israel's charge. And the blood shall be forgiven them."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 21:19 "Then shall his father and his mother lay hold on him, and bring him out unto the elders of his city, and unto the gate of his place;"
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 22:5 "The woman shall not wear that which pertaineth unto a man, neither shall a man put on a woman's garment: for all that do so are abomination unto the LORD thy God."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 22:13 "If any man take a wife, and go in unto her, and hate her,"
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 22:16 "And the damsel's father shall say unto the elders, I gave my daughter unto this man to wife, and he hateth her;"
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 22:29 "Then the man that lay with her shall give unto the damsel's father fifty shekels of silver, and she shall be his wife; because he hath humbled her, he may not put her away all his days."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 23:15 "Thou shalt not deliver unto his master the servant which is escaped from his master unto thee:"
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 25:5 "If brethren dwell together, and one of them die, and have no child, the wife of the dead shall not marry without unto a stranger: her husband's brother shall go in unto her, and take her to him to wife, and perform the duty of an husband's brother unto her."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 25:7 "And if the man like not to take his brother's wife, then let his brother's wife go up to the gate unto the elders, and say, My husband's brother refuseth to raise up unto his brother a name in Israel, he will not perform the duty of my husband's brother."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 26:3 "And thou shalt go unto the priest that shall be in those days, and say unto him, I profess this day unto the LORD thy God, that I am come unto the country which the LORD sware unto our fathers for to give us."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 29:2 "And Moses called unto all Israel, and said unto them, Ye have seen all that the LORD did before your eyes in the land of Egypt unto Pharaoh, and unto all his servants, and unto all his land;"
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 29:7 "And when ye came unto this place, Sihon the king of Heshbon, and Og the king of Bashan, came out against us unto battle, and we smote them:"
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 29:13 "That he may establish thee to day for a people unto himself, and that he may be unto thee a God, as he hath said unto thee, and as he hath sworn unto thy fathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 29:21 "And the LORD shall separate him unto evil out of all the tribes of Israel, according to all the curses of the covenant that are written in this book of the law:"
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 29:24 "Even all nations shall say, Wherefore hath the LORD done thus unto this land? what meaneth the heat of this great anger?"
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 29:29 "The secret things belong unto the LORD our God: but those things which are revealed belong unto us and to our children for ever, that we may do all the words of this law."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 31:1 "And Moses went and spake these words unto all Israel."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 31:2 "And he said unto them, I am an hundred and twenty years old this day; I can no more go out and come in: also the LORD hath said unto me, Thou shalt not go over this Jordan."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 31:4 "And the LORD shall do unto them as he did to Sihon and to Og, kings of the Amorites, and unto the land of them, whom he destroyed."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 31:5 "And the LORD shall give them up before your face, that ye may do unto them according unto all the commandments which I have commanded you."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 31:7 "And Moses called unto Joshua, and said unto him in the sight of all Israel, Be strong and of a good courage: for thou must go with this people unto the land which the LORD hath sworn unto their fathers to give them; and thou shalt cause them to inherit it."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 31:9 "And Moses wrote this law, and delivered it unto the priests the sons of Levi, which bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and unto all the elders of Israel."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 31:18 "And I will surely hide my face in that day for all the evils which they shall have wrought, in that they are turned unto other gods."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 31:20 "For when I shall have brought them into the land which I sware unto their fathers, that floweth with milk and honey; and they shall have eaten and filled themselves, and waxen fat; then will they turn unto other gods, and serve them, and provoke me, and break my covenant."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 32:49 "Get thee up into this mountain Abarim, unto mount Nebo, which is in the land of Moab, that is over against Jericho; and behold the land of Canaan, which I give unto the children of Israel for a possession:"
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 33:19 "They shall call the people unto the mountain; there they shall offer sacrifices of righteousness: for they shall suck of the abundance of the seas, and of treasures hid in the sand."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 33:26 "There is none like unto the God of Jeshurun, who rideth upon the heaven in thy help, and in his excellency on the sky."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 34:4 "And the LORD said unto him, This is the land which I sware unto Abraham, unto Isaac, and unto Jacob, saying, I will give it unto thy seed: I have caused thee to see it with thine eyes, but thou shalt not go over thither."
Aspect7, Deuteronomy 34:6 "And he buried him in a valley in the land of Moab, over against Bethpeor: but no man knoweth of his sepulchre unto this day."
Aspect7, Joshua 1:2 "Moses my servant is dead; now therefore arise, go over this Jordan, thou, and all this people, unto the land which I do give to them, even to the children of Israel."
Aspect7, Joshua 1:3 "Every place that the sole of your foot shall tread upon, that have I given unto you, as I said unto Moses."
Aspect7, Joshua 1:4 "From the wilderness and this Lebanon even unto the great river, the river Euphrates, all the land of the Hittites, and unto the great sea toward the going down of the sun, shall be your coast."
Aspect7, Joshua 2:12 "Now therefore, I pray you, swear unto me by the LORD, since I have showed you kindness, that ye will also show kindness unto my father's house, and give me a true token:"
Aspect7, Joshua 4:5 "And Joshua said unto them, Pass over before the ark of the LORD your God into the midst of Jordan, and take you up every man of you a stone upon his shoulder, according unto the number of the tribes of the children of Israel:"
Aspect7, Joshua 4:8 "And the children of Israel did so as Joshua commanded, and took up twelve stones out of the midst of Jordan, as the LORD spake unto Joshua, according to the number of the tribes of the children of Israel, and carried them over with them unto the place where they lodged, and laid them down there."
Aspect7, Joshua 4:18 "And it came to pass, when the priests that bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD were come up out of the midst of Jordan, and the soles of the priests' feet were lifted up unto the dry land, that the waters of Jordan returned unto their place, and flowed over all his banks, as they did before."
Aspect7, Joshua 5:9 "And the LORD said unto Joshua, This day have I rolled away the reproach of Egypt from off you. Wherefore the name of the place is called Gilgal unto this day."
Aspect7, Joshua 6:22 "But Joshua had said unto the two men that had spied out the country, Go into the harlot's house, and bring out thence the woman, and all that she hath, as ye sware unto her."
Aspect7, Joshua 7:23 "And they took them out of the midst of the tent, and brought them unto Joshua, and unto all the children of Israel, and laid them out before the LORD."
Aspect7, Joshua 7:26 "And they raised over him a great heap of stones unto this day. So the LORD turned from the fierceness of his anger. Wherefore the name of that place was called, The valley of Achor, unto this day."
Aspect7, Joshua 8:27 "Only the cattle and the spoil of that city Israel took for a prey unto themselves, according unto the word of the LORD which he commanded Joshua."
Aspect7, Joshua 9:3 "And when the inhabitants of Gibeon heard what Joshua had done unto Jericho and to Ai,"
Aspect7, Joshua 9:6 "And they went to Joshua unto the camp at Gilgal, and said unto him, and to the men of Israel, We be come from a far country: now therefore make ye a league with us."
Aspect7, Joshua 9:15 "And Joshua made peace with them, and made a league with them, to let them live: and the princes of the congregation sware unto them."
Aspect7, Joshua 9:19 "But all the princes said unto all the congregation, We have sworn unto them by the LORD God of Israel: now therefore we may not touch them."
Aspect7, Joshua 9:21 "And the princes said unto them, Let them live; but let them be hewers of wood and drawers of water unto all the congregation; as the princes had promised them."
Aspect7, Joshua 9:25 "And now, behold, we are in thine hand: as it seemeth good and right unto thee to do unto us, do."
Aspect7, Joshua 9:26 "And so did he unto them, and delivered them out of the hand of the children of Israel, that they slew them not."
Aspect7, Joshua 10:3 "Wherefore Adonizedec king of Jerusalem, sent unto Hoham king of Hebron, and unto Piram king of Jarmuth, and unto Japhia king of Lachish, and unto Debir king of Eglon, saying,"
Aspect7, Joshua 10:4 "Come up unto me, and help me, that we may smite Gibeon: for it hath made peace with Joshua and with the children of Israel."
Aspect7, Joshua 10:8 "And the LORD said unto Joshua, Fear them not: for I have delivered them into thine hand; there shall not a man of them stand before thee."
Aspect7, Joshua 10:15 "And Joshua returned, and all Israel with him, unto the camp to Gilgal."
Aspect7, Joshua 10:22 "Then said Joshua, Open the mouth of the cave, and bring out those five kings unto me out of the cave."
Aspect7, Joshua 10:25 "And Joshua said unto them, Fear not, nor be dismayed, be strong and of good courage: for thus shall the LORD do to all your enemies against whom ye fight."
Aspect7, Joshua 10:30 "And the LORD delivered it also, and the king thereof, into the hand of Israel; and he smote it with the edge of the sword, and all the souls that were therein; he let none remain in it; but did unto the king thereof as he did unto the king of Jericho."
Aspect7, Joshua 10:36 "And Joshua went up from Eglon, and all Israel with him, unto Hebron; and they fought against it:"
Aspect7, Joshua 10:41 "And Joshua smote them from Kadeshbarnea even unto Gaza, and all the country of Goshen, even unto Gibeon."
Aspect7, Joshua 10:43 "And Joshua returned, and all Israel with him, unto the camp to Gilgal."
Aspect7, Joshua 11:8 "And the LORD delivered them into the hand of Israel, who smote them, and chased them unto great Zidon, and unto Misrephothmaim, and unto the valley of Mizpeh eastward; and they smote them, until they left them none remaining."
Aspect7, Joshua 11:23 "So Joshua took the whole land, according to all that the LORD said unto Moses; and Joshua gave it for an inheritance unto Israel according to their divisions by their tribes. And the land rested from war."
Aspect7, Joshua 12:7 "And these are the kings of the country which Joshua and the children of Israel smote on this side Jordan on the west, from Baalgad in the valley of Lebanon even unto the mount Halak, that goeth up to Seir; which Joshua gave unto the tribes of Israel for a possession according to their divisions;"
Aspect7, Joshua 13:4 "From the south, all the land of the Canaanites, and Mearah that is beside the Sidonians unto Aphek, to the borders of the Amorites:"
Aspect7, Joshua 13:5 "And the land of the Giblites, and all Lebanon, toward the sunrising, from Baalgad under mount Hermon unto the entering into Hamath."
Aspect7, Joshua 13:6 "All the inhabitants of the hill country from Lebanon unto Misrephothmaim, and all the Sidonians, them will I drive out from before the children of Israel: only divide thou it by lot unto the Israelites for an inheritance, as I have commanded thee."
Aspect7, Joshua 13:9 "From Aroer, that is upon the bank of the river Arnon, and the city that is in the midst of the river, and all the plain of Medeba unto Dibon;"
Aspect7, Joshua 13:14 "Only unto the tribes of Levi he gave none inheritance; the sacrifices of the LORD God of Israel made by fire are their inheritance, as he said unto them."
Aspect7, Joshua 13:15 "And Moses gave unto the tribe of the children of Reuben inheritance according to their families."
Aspect7, Joshua 13:24 "And Moses gave inheritance unto the tribe of Gad, even unto the children of Gad according to their families."
Aspect7, Joshua 13:26 "And from Heshbon unto Ramathmizpeh, and Betonim; and from Mahanaim unto the border of Debir;"
Aspect7, Joshua 13:33 "But unto the tribe of Levi Moses gave not any inheritance: the LORD God of Israel was their inheritance, as he said unto them."
Aspect7, Joshua 14:6 "Then the children of Judah came unto Joshua in Gilgal: and Caleb the son of Jephunneh the Kenezite said unto him, Thou knowest the thing that the LORD said unto Moses the man of God concerning me and thee in Kadeshbarnea."
Aspect7, Joshua 14:13 "And Joshua blessed him, and gave unto Caleb the son of Jephunneh Hebron for an inheritance."
Aspect7, Joshua 15:4 "From thence it passed toward Azmon, and went out unto the river of Egypt; and the goings out of that coast were at the sea: this shall be your south coast."
Aspect7, Joshua 15:11 "And the border went out unto the side of Ekron northward: and the border was drawn to Shicron, and passed along to mount Baalah, and went out unto Jabneel; and the goings out of the border were at the sea."
Aspect7, Joshua 15:47 "Ashdod with her towns and her villages, Gaza with her towns and her villages, unto the river of Egypt, and the great sea, and the border thereof:"
Aspect7, Joshua 16:3 "And goeth down westward to the coast of Japhleti, unto the coast of Bethhoron the nether, and to Gezer; and the goings out thereof are at the sea."
Aspect7, Joshua 16:8 "The border went out from Tappuah westward unto the river Kanah; and the goings out thereof were at the sea. This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Ephraim by their families."
Aspect7, Joshua 17:7 "And the coast of Manasseh was from Asher to Michmethah, that lieth before Shechem; and the border went along on the right hand unto the inhabitants of Entappuah."
Aspect7, Joshua 19:12 "And turned from Sarid eastward toward the sunrising unto the border of Chislothtabor, and then goeth out to Daberath, and goeth up to Japhia,"
Aspect7, Joshua 19:28 "And Hebron, and Rehob, and Hammon, and Kanah, even unto great Zidon;"
Aspect7, Joshua 20:6 "And he shall dwell in that city, until he stand before the congregation for judgment, and until the death of the high priest that shall be in those days: then shall the slayer return, and come unto his own city, and unto his own house, unto the city from whence he fled."
Aspect7, Joshua 21:1 "Then came near the heads of the fathers of the Levites unto Eleazar the priest, and unto Joshua the son of Nun, and unto the heads of the fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel;"
Aspect7, Joshua 21:34 "And unto the families of the children of Merari, the rest of the Levites, out of the tribe of Zebulun, Jokneam with her suburbs, and Kartah with her suburbs,"
Aspect7, Joshua 21:43 "And the LORD gave unto Israel all the land which he sware to give unto their fathers; and they possessed it, and dwelt therein."
Aspect7, Joshua 22:4 "And now the LORD your God hath given rest unto your brethren, as he promised them: therefore now return ye, and get you unto your tents, and unto the land of your possession, which Moses the servant of the LORD gave you on the other side Jordan."
Aspect7, Joshua 22:6 "So Joshua blessed them, and sent them away: and they went unto their tents."
Aspect7, Joshua 22:8 "And he spake unto them, saying, Return with much riches unto your tents, and with very much cattle, with silver, and with gold, and with brass, and with iron, and with very much raiment: divide the spoil of your enemies with your brethren."
Aspect7, Joshua 22:15 "And they came unto the children of Reuben, and to the children of Gad, and to the half tribe of Manasseh, unto the land of Gilead, and they spake with them, saying,"
Aspect7, Joshua 23:4 "Behold, I have divided unto you by lot these nations that remain, to be an inheritance for your tribes, from Jordan, with all the nations that I have cut off, even unto the great sea westward."
Aspect7, Joshua 23:8 "But cleave unto the LORD your God, as ye have done unto this day."
Aspect7, Joshua 23:11 "Take good heed therefore unto yourselves, that ye love the LORD your God."
Aspect7, Joshua 23:12 "Else if ye do in any wise go back, and cleave unto the remnant of these nations, even these that remain among you, and shall make marriages with them, and go in unto them, and they to you:"
Aspect7, Joshua 24:4 "And I gave unto Isaac Jacob and Esau: and I gave unto Esau mount Seir, to possess it; but Jacob and his children went down into Egypt."
Aspect7, Joshua 24:10 "But I would not hearken unto Balaam; therefore he blessed you still: so I delivered you out of his hand."
Aspect7, Joshua 24:27 "And Joshua said unto all the people, Behold, this stone shall be a witness unto us; for it hath heard all the words of the LORD which he spake unto us: it shall be therefore a witness unto you, lest ye deny your God."
Aspect7, Judges 2:17 "And yet they would not hearken unto their judges, but they went a whoring after other gods, and bowed themselves unto them: they turned quickly out of the way which their fathers walked in, obeying the commandments of the LORD; but they did not so."
Aspect7, Judges 3:17 "And he brought the present unto Eglon king of Moab: and Eglon was a very fat man."
Aspect7, Judges 3:20 "And Ehud came unto him; and he was sitting in a summer parlor, which he had for himself alone. And Ehud said, I have a message from God unto thee. And he arose out of his seat."
Aspect7, Judges 4:3 "And the children of Israel cried unto the LORD: for he had nine hundred chariots of iron; and twenty years he mightily oppressed the children of Israel."
Aspect7, Judges 4:19 "And he said unto her, Give me, I pray thee, a little water to drink; for I am thirsty. And she opened a bottle of milk, and gave him drink, and covered him."
Aspect7, Judges 5:18 "Zebulun and Naphtali were a people that jeoparded their lives unto the death in the high places of the field."
Aspect7, Judges 6:24 "Then Gideon built an altar there unto the LORD, and called it Jehovahshalom: unto this day it is yet in Ophrah of the Abiezrites."
Aspect7, Judges 6:35 "And he sent messengers throughout all Manasseh; who also was gathered after him: and he sent messengers unto Asher, and unto Zebulun, and unto Naphtali; and they came up to meet them."
Aspect7, Judges 7:7 "And the LORD said unto Gideon, By the three hundred men that lapped will I save you, and deliver the Midianites into thine hand: and let all the other people go every man unto his place."
Aspect7, Judges 7:9 "And it came to pass the same night, that the LORD said unto him, Arise, get thee down unto the host; for I have delivered it into thine hand."
Aspect7, Judges 7:11 "And thou shalt hear what they say; and afterward shall thine hands be strengthened to go down unto the host. Then went he down with Phurah his servant unto the outside of the armed men that were in the host."
Aspect7, Judges 7:13 "And when Gideon was come, behold, there was a man that told a dream unto his fellow, and said, Behold, I dreamed a dream, and, lo, a cake of barley bread tumbled into the host of Midian, and came unto a tent, and smote it that it fell, and overturned it, that the tent lay along."
Aspect7, Judges 8:5 "And he said unto the men of Succoth, Give, I pray you, loaves of bread unto the people that follow me; for they be faint, and I am pursuing after Zebah and Zalmunna, kings of Midian."
Aspect7, Judges 8:15 "And he came unto the men of Succoth, and said, Behold Zebah and Zalmunna, with whom ye did upbraid me, saying, Are the hands of Zebah and Zalmunna now in thine hand, that we should give bread unto thy men that are weary?"
Aspect7, Judges 8:35 "Neither showed they kindness to the house of Jerubbaal, namely, Gideon, according to all the goodness which he had showed unto Israel."
Aspect7, Judges 9:9 "But the olive tree said unto them, Should I leave my fatness, wherewith by me they honor God and man, and go to be promoted over the trees?"
Aspect7, Judges 9:11 "But the fig tree said unto them, Should I forsake my sweetness, and my good fruit, and go to be promoted over the trees?"
Aspect7, Judges 9:52 "And Abimelech came unto the tower, and fought against it, and went hard unto the door of the tower to burn it with fire."
Aspect7, Judges 10:15 "And the children of Israel said unto the LORD, We have sinned: do thou unto us whatsoever seemeth good unto thee; deliver us only, we pray thee, this day."
Aspect7, Judges 11:13 "And the king of the children of Ammon answered unto the messengers of Jephthah, Because Israel took away my land, when they came up out of Egypt, from Arnon even unto Jabbok, and unto Jordan: now therefore restore those lands again peaceably."
Aspect7, Judges 11:19 "And Israel sent messengers unto Sihon king of the Amorites, the king of Heshbon; and Israel said unto him, Let us pass, we pray thee, through thy land into my place."
Aspect7, Judges 11:22 "And they possessed all the coasts of the Amorites, from Arnon even unto Jabbok, and from the wilderness even unto Jordan."
Aspect7, Judges 11:32 "So Jephthah passed over unto the children of Ammon to fight against them; and the LORD delivered them into his hands."
Aspect7, Judges 13:10 "And the woman made haste, and ran, and showed her husband, and said unto him, Behold, the man hath appeared unto me, that came unto me the other day."
Aspect7, Judges 14:12 "And Samson said unto them, I will now put forth a riddle unto you: if ye can certainly declare it me within the seven days of the feast, and find it out, then I will give you thirty sheets and thirty change of garments:"
Aspect7, Judges 14:15 "And it came to pass on the seventh day, that they said unto Samson's wife, Entice thy husband, that he may declare unto us the riddle, lest we burn thee and thy father's house with fire: have ye called us to take that we have? is it not so?"
Aspect7, Judges 15:11 "Then three thousand men of Judah went to the top of the rock Etam, and said to Samson, Knowest thou not that the Philistines are rulers over us? what is this that thou hast done unto us? And he said unto them, As they did unto me, so have I done unto them."
Aspect7, Judges 15:12 "And they said unto him, We are come down to bind thee, that we may deliver thee into the hand of the Philistines. And Samson said unto them, Swear unto me, that ye will not fall upon me yourselves."
Aspect7, Judges 16:5 "And the lords of the Philistines came up unto her, and said unto her, Entice him, and see wherein his great strength lieth, and by what means we may prevail against him, that we may bind him to afflict him; and we will give thee every one of us eleven hundred pieces of silver."
Aspect7, Judges 16:17 "That he told her all his heart, and said unto her, There hath not come a razor upon mine head; for I have been a Nazarite unto God from my mother's womb: if I be shaven, then my strength will go from me, and I shall become weak, and be like any other man."
Aspect7, Judges 16:23 "Then the lords of the Philistines gathered them together for to offer a great sacrifice unto Dagon their god, and to rejoice: for they said, Our god hath delivered Samson our enemy into our hand."
Aspect7, Judges 17:9 "And Micah said unto him, Whence comest thou? And he said unto him, I am a Levite of Bethlehemjudah, and I go to sojourn where I may find a place."
Aspect7, Judges 17:10 "And Micah said unto him, Dwell with me, and be unto me a father and a priest, and I will give thee ten shekels of silver by the year, and a suit of apparel, and thy victuals. So the Levite went in."
Aspect7, Judges 18:1 "In those days there was no king in Israel: and in those days the tribe of the Danites sought them an inheritance to dwell in; for unto that day all their inheritance had not fallen unto them among the tribes of Israel."
Aspect7, Judges 18:4 "And he said unto them, Thus and thus dealeth Micah with me, and hath hired me, and I am his priest."
Aspect7, Judges 18:8 "And they came unto their brethren to Zorah and Eshtaol: and their brethren said unto them, What say ye?"
Aspect7, Judges 18:19 "And they said unto him, Hold thy peace, lay thine hand upon thy mouth, and go with us, and be to us a father and a priest: is it better for thee to be a priest unto the house of one man, or that thou be a priest unto a tribe and a family in Israel?"
Aspect7, Judges 18:23 "And they cried unto the children of Dan. And they turned their faces, and said unto Micah, What aileth thee, that thou comest with such a company?"
Aspect7, Judges 18:27 "And they took the things which Micah had made, and the priest which he had, and came unto Laish, unto a people that were at quiet and secure: and they smote them with the edge of the sword, and burnt the city with fire."
Aspect7, Judges 19:13 "And he said unto his servant, Come, and let us draw near to one of these places to lodge all night, in Gibeah, or in Ramah."
Aspect7, Judges 19:23 "And the man, the master of the house, went out unto them, and said unto them, Nay, my brethren, nay, I pray you, do not so wickedly; seeing that this man is come into mine house, do not this folly."
Aspect7, Judges 19:24 "Behold, here is my daughter a maiden, and his concubine; them I will bring out now, and humble ye them, and do with them what seemeth good unto you: but unto this man do not so vile a thing."
Aspect7, Judges 19:28 "And he said unto her, Up, and let us be going. But none answered. Then the man took her up upon an ass, and the man rose up, and gat him unto his place."
Aspect7, Judges 20:45 "And they turned and fled toward the wilderness unto the rock of Rimmon: and they gleaned of them in the highways five thousand men; and pursued hard after them unto Gidom, and slew two thousand men of them."
Aspect7, Judges 21:22 "And it shall be, when their fathers or their brethren come unto us to complain, that we will say unto them, Be favorable unto them for our sakes: because we reserved not to each man his wife in the war: for ye did not give unto them at this time, that ye should be guilty."
Aspect7, Ruth 1:10 "And they said unto her, Surely we will return with thee unto thy people."
Aspect7, Ruth 1:15 "And she said, Behold, thy sister in law is gone back unto her people, and unto her gods: return thou after thy sister in law."
Aspect7, Ruth 1:18 "When she saw that she was stedfastly minded to go with her, then she left speaking unto her."
Aspect7, Ruth 2:2 "And Ruth the Moabitess said unto Naomi, Let me now go to the field, and glean ears of corn after him in whose sight I shall find grace. And she said unto her, Go, my daughter."
Aspect7, Ruth 2:5 "Then said Boaz unto his servant that was set over the reapers, Whose damsel is this?"
Aspect7, Ruth 3:5 "And she said unto her, All that thou sayest unto me I will do."
Aspect7, Ruth 3:6 "And she went down unto the floor, and did according to all that her mother in law bade her."
Aspect7, Ruth 4:9 "And Boaz said unto the elders, and unto all the people, Ye are witnesses this day, that I have bought all that was Elimelech's, and all that was Chilion's and Mahlon's, of the hand of Naomi."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 1:10 "And she was in bitterness of soul, and prayed unto the LORD, and wept sore."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 2:27 "And there came a man of God unto Eli, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Did I plainly appear unto the house of thy father, when they were in Egypt in Pharaoh's house?"
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 4:8 "Woe unto us! who shall deliver us out of the hand of these mighty Gods? these are the Gods that smote the Egyptians with all the plagues in the wilderness."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 6:18 "And the golden mice, according to the number of all the cities of the Philistines belonging to the five lords, both of fenced cities, and of country villages, even unto the great stone of Abel, whereon they set down the ark of the LORD: which stone remaineth unto this day in the field of Joshua, the Bethshemite."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 7:3 "And Samuel spake unto all the house of Israel, saying, If ye do return unto the LORD with all your hearts, then put away the strange gods and Ashtaroth from among you, and prepare your hearts unto the LORD, and serve him only: and he will deliver you out of the hand of the Philistines."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 7:17 "And his return was to Ramah; for there was his house; and there he judged Israel; and there he built an altar unto the LORD."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 8:7 "And the LORD said unto Samuel, Hearken unto the voice of the people in all that they say unto thee: for they have not rejected thee, but they have rejected me, that I should not reign over them."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 8:9 "Now therefore hearken unto their voice: howbeit yet protest solemnly unto them, and show them the manner of the king that shall reign over them."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 10:18 "And said unto the children of Israel, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, I brought up Israel out of Egypt, and delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of all kingdoms, and of them that oppressed you:"
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 11:3 "And the elders of Jabesh said unto him, Give us seven days' respite, that we may send messengers unto all the coasts of Israel: and then, if there be no man to save us, we will come out to thee."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 12:1 "And Samuel said unto all Israel, Behold, I have hearkened unto your voice in all that ye said unto me, and have made a king over you."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 12:2 "And now, behold, the king walketh before you: and I am old and grayheaded; and, behold, my sons are with you: and I have walked before you from my childhood unto this day."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 12:19 "And all the people said unto Samuel, Pray for thy servants unto the LORD thy God, that we die not: for we have added unto all our sins this evil, to ask us a king."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 13:17 "And the spoilers came out of the camp of the Philistines in three companies: one company turned unto the way that leadeth to Ophrah, unto the land of Shual:"
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 14:8 "Then said Jonathan, Behold, we will pass over unto these men, and we will discover ourselves unto them."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 14:9 "If they say thus unto us, Tarry until we come to you; then we will stand still in our place, and will not go up unto them."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 14:10 "But if they say thus, Come up unto us; then we will go up: for the LORD hath delivered them into our hand: and this shall be a sign unto us."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 14:17 "Then said Saul unto the people that were with him, Number now, and see who is gone from us. And when they had numbered, behold, Jonathan and his armourbearer were not there."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 14:35 "And Saul built an altar unto the LORD: the same was the first altar that he built unto the LORD."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 14:40 "Then said he unto all Israel, Be ye on one side, and I and Jonathan my son will be on the other side. And the people said unto Saul, Do what seemeth good unto thee."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 15:28 "And Samuel said unto him, The LORD hath rent the kingdom of Israel from thee this day, and hath given it to a neighbor of thine, that is better than thou."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 16:17 "And Saul said unto his servants, Provide me now a man that can play well, and bring him to me."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 20:5 "And David said unto Jonathan, Behold, to morrow is the new moon, and I should not fail to sit with the king at meat: but let me go, that I may hide myself in the field unto the third day at even."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 20:40 "And Jonathan gave his artillery unto his lad, and said unto him, Go, carry them to the city."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 24:19 "For if a man find his enemy, will he let him go well away? wherefore the LORD reward thee good for that thou hast done unto me this day."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 24:22 "And David sware unto Saul. And Saul went home; but David and his men gat them up unto the hold."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 25:11 "Shall I then take my bread, and my water, and my flesh that I have killed for my shearers, and give it unto men, whom I know not whence they be?"
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 25:15 "But the men were very good unto us, and we were not hurt, neither missed we any thing, as long as we were conversant with them, when we were in the fields:"
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 25:16 "They were a wall unto us both by night and day, all the while we were with them keeping the sheep."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 25:22 "So and more also do God unto the enemies of David, if I leave of all that pertain to him by the morning light any that pisseth against the wall."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 25:34 "For in very deed, as the LORD God of Israel liveth, which hath kept me back from hurting thee, except thou hadst hasted and come to meet me, surely there had not been left unto Nabal by the morning light any that pisseth against the wall."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 27:2 "And David arose, and he passed over with the six hundred men that were with him unto Achish, the son of Maoch, king of Gath."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 27:6 "Then Achish gave him Ziklag that day: wherefore Ziklag pertaineth unto the kings of Judah unto this day."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 28:21 "And the woman came unto Saul, and saw that he was sore troubled, and said unto him, Behold, thine handmaid hath obeyed thy voice, and I have put my life in my hand, and have hearkened unto thy words which thou spakest unto me."
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 29:3 "Then said the princes of the Philistines, What do these Hebrews here? And Achish said unto the princes of the Philistines, Is not this David, the servant of Saul the king of Israel, which hath been with me these days, or these years, and I have found no fault in him since he fell unto me unto this day?"
Aspect7, 1 Samuel 29:8 "And David said unto Achish, But what have I done? and what hast thou found in thy servant so long as I have been with thee unto this day, that I may not go fight against the enemies of my lord the king?"
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 1:13 "And David said unto the young man that told him, Whence art thou? And he answered, I am the son of a stranger, an Amalekite."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 2:5 "And David sent messengers unto the men of Jabeshgilead, and said unto them, Blessed be ye of the LORD, that ye have showed this kindness unto your lord, even unto Saul, and have buried him."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 3:2 "And unto David were sons born in Hebron: and his firstborn was Amnon, of Ahinoam the Jezreelitess;"
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 5:14 "And these be the names of those that were born unto him in Jerusalem; Shammuah, and Shobab, and Nathan, and Solomon,"
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 6:23 "Therefore Michal the daughter of Saul had no child unto the day of her death."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 8:15 "And David reigned over all Israel; and David executed judgment and justice unto all his people."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 9:9 "Then the king called to Ziba, Saul's servant, and said unto him, I have given unto thy master's son all that pertained to Saul and to all his house."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 11:4 "And David sent messengers, and took her; and she came in unto him, and he lay with her; for she was purified from her uncleanness: and she returned unto her house."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 11:10 "And when they had told David, saying, Uriah went not down unto his house, David said unto Uriah, Camest thou not from thy journey? why then didst thou not go down unto thine house?"
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 11:23 "And the messenger said unto David, Surely the men prevailed against us, and came out unto us into the field, and we were upon them even unto the entering of the gate."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 12:1 "And the LORD sent Nathan unto David. And he came unto him, and said unto him, There were two men in one city; the one rich, and the other poor."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 12:15 "And Nathan departed unto his house. And the LORD struck the child that Uriah's wife bare unto David, and it was very sick."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 12:18 "And it came to pass on the seventh day, that the child died. And the servants of David feared to tell him that the child was dead: for they said, Behold, while the child was yet alive, we spake unto him, and he would not hearken unto our voice: how will he then vex himself, if we tell him that the child is dead?"
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 13:4 "And he said unto him, Why art thou, being the king's son, lean from day to day? wilt thou not tell me? And Amnon said unto him, I love Tamar, my brother Absalom's sister."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 13:14 "Howbeit he would not hearken unto her voice: but, being stronger than she, forced her, and lay with her."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 13:16 "And she said unto him, There is no cause: this evil in sending me away is greater than the other that thou didst unto me. But he would not hearken unto her."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 13:22 "And Absalom spake unto his brother Amnon neither good nor bad: for Absalom hated Amnon, because he had forced his sister Tamar."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 13:25 "And the king said to Absalom, Nay, my son, let us not all now go, lest we be chargeable unto thee. And he pressed him: howbeit he would not go, but blessed him."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 13:29 "And the servants of Absalom did unto Amnon as Absalom had commanded. Then all the king's sons arose, and every man gat him up upon his mule, and fled."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 13:39 "And the soul of king David longed to go forth unto Absalom: for he was comforted concerning Amnon, seeing he was dead."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 14:15 "Now therefore that I am come to speak of this thing unto my lord the king, it is because the people have made me afraid: and thy handmaid said, I will now speak unto the king; it may be that the king will perform the request of his handmaid."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 14:21 "And the king said unto Joab, Behold now, I have done this thing: go therefore, bring the young man Absalom again."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 14:31 "Then Joab arose, and came to Absalom unto his house, and said unto him, Wherefore have thy servants set my field on fire?"
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 15:3 "And Absalom said unto him, See, thy matters are good and right; but there is no man deputed of the king to hear thee."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 15:7 "And it came to pass after forty years, that Absalom said unto the king, I pray thee, let me go and pay my vow, which I have vowed unto the LORD, in Hebron."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 15:26 "But if he thus say, I have no delight in thee; behold, here am I, let him do to me as seemeth good unto him."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 17:7 "And Hushai said unto Absalom, The counsel that Ahithophel hath given is not good at this time."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 19:23 "Therefore the king said unto Shimei, Thou shalt not die. And the king sware unto him."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 19:30 "And Mephibosheth said unto the king, Yea, let him take all, forasmuch as my lord the king is come again in peace unto his own house."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 19:34 "And Barzillai said unto the king, How long have I to live, that I should go up with the king unto Jerusalem?"
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 20:17 "And when he was come near unto her, the woman said, Art thou Joab? And he answered, I am he. Then she said unto him, Hear the words of thine handmaid. And he answered, I do hear."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 22:45 "Strangers shall submit themselves unto me: as soon as they hear, they shall be obedient unto me."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 22:50 "Therefore I will give thanks unto thee, O LORD, among the heathen, and I will sing praises unto thy name."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 22:51 "He is the tower of salvation for his king: and sheweth mercy to his anointed, unto David, and to his seed for evermore."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 23:19 "Was he not most honorable of three? therefore he was their captain: howbeit he attained not unto the first three."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 24:18 "And Gad came that day to David, and said unto him, Go up, rear an altar unto the LORD in the threshingfloor of Araunah the Jebusite."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 24:22 "And Araunah said unto David, Let my lord the king take and offer up what seemeth good unto him: behold, here be oxen for burnt sacrifice, and threshing instruments and other instruments of the oxen for wood."
Aspect7, 2 Samuel 24:24 "And the king said unto Araunah, Nay; but I will surely buy it of thee at a price: neither will I offer burnt offerings unto the LORD my God of that which doth cost me nothing. So David bought the threshingfloor and the oxen for fifty shekels of silver."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 1:13 "Go and get thee in unto king David, and say unto him, Didst not thou, my lord, O king, swear unto thine handmaid, saying, Assuredly Solomon thy son shall reign after me, and he shall sit upon my throne? why then doth Adonijah reign?"
Aspect7, 1 Kings 1:15 "And Bathsheba went in unto the king into the chamber: and the king was very old; and Abishag the Shunammite ministered unto the king."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 2:19 "Bathsheba therefore went unto king Solomon, to speak unto him for Adonijah. And the king rose up to meet her, and bowed himself unto her, and sat down on his throne, and caused a seat to be set for the king's mother; and she sat on his right hand."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 3:16 "Then came there two women, that were harlots, unto the king, and stood before him."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 4:21 "And Solomon reigned over all kingdoms from the river unto the land of the Philistines, and unto the border of Egypt: they brought presents, and served Solomon all the days of his life."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 8:2 "And all the men of Israel assembled themselves unto king Solomon at the feast in the month Ethanim, which is the seventh month."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 8:18 "And the LORD said unto David my father, Whereas it was in thine heart to build an house unto my name, thou didst well that it was in thine heart."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 8:48 "And so return unto thee with all their heart, and with all their soul, in the land of their enemies, which led them away captive, and pray unto thee toward their land, which thou gavest unto their fathers, the city which thou hast chosen, and the house which I have built for thy name:"
Aspect7, 1 Kings 8:52 "That thine eyes may be open unto the supplication of thy servant, and unto the supplication of thy people Israel, to hearken unto them in all that they call for unto thee."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 9:16 "For Pharaoh king of Egypt had gone up, and taken Gezer, and burnt it with fire, and slain the Canaanites that dwelt in the city, and given it for a present unto his daughter, Solomon's wife."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 11:2 "Of the nations concerning which the LORD said unto the children of Israel, Ye shall not go in to them, neither shall they come in unto you: for surely they will turn away your heart after their gods: Solomon clave unto these in love."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 11:8 "And likewise did he for all his strange wives, which burnt incense and sacrificed unto their gods."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 11:22 "Then Pharaoh said unto him, But what hast thou lacked with me, that, behold, thou seekest to go to thine own country? And he answered, Nothing: howbeit let me go in any wise."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 11:36 "And unto his son will I give one tribe, that David my servant may have a light alway before me in Jerusalem, the city which I have chosen me to put my name there."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 11:40 "Solomon sought therefore to kill Jeroboam. And Jeroboam arose, and fled into Egypt, unto Shishak king of Egypt, and was in Egypt until the death of Solomon."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 12:23 "Speak unto Rehoboam, the son of Solomon, king of Judah, and unto all the house of Judah and Benjamin, and to the remnant of the people, saying,"
Aspect7, 1 Kings 12:32 "And Jeroboam ordained a feast in the eighth month, on the fifteenth day of the month, like unto the feast that is in Judah, and he offered upon the altar. So did he in Bethel, sacrificing unto the calves that he had made: and he placed in Bethel the priests of the high places which he had made."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 13:18 "He said unto him, I am a prophet also as thou art; and an angel spake unto me by the word of the LORD, saying, Bring him back with thee into thine house, that he may eat bread and drink water. But he lied unto him."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 14:5 "And the LORD said unto Ahijah, Behold, the wife of Jeroboam cometh to ask a thing of thee for her son; for he is sick: thus and thus shalt thou say unto her: for it shall be, when she cometh in, that she shall feign herself to be another woman."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 17:13 "And Elijah said unto her, Fear not; go and do as thou hast said: but make me thereof a little cake first, and bring it unto me, and after make for thee and for thy son."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 17:18 "And she said unto Elijah, What have I to do with thee, O thou man of God? art thou come unto me to call my sin to remembrance, and to slay my son?"
Aspect7, 1 Kings 18:2 "And Elijah went to show himself unto Ahab. And there was a sore famine in Samaria."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 18:5 "And Ahab said unto Obadiah, Go into the land, unto all fountains of water, and unto all brooks: peradventure we may find grass to save the horses and mules alive, that we lose not all the beasts."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 18:20 "So Ahab sent unto all the children of Israel, and gathered the prophets together unto mount Carmel."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 18:30 "And Elijah said unto all the people, Come near unto me. And all the people came near unto him. And he repaired the altar of the LORD that was broken down."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 19:8 "And he arose, and did eat and drink, and went in the strength of that meat forty days and forty nights unto Horeb the mount of God."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 19:18 "Yet I have left me seven thousand in Israel, all the knees which have not bowed unto Baal, and every mouth which hath not kissed him."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 19:21 "And he returned back from him, and took a yoke of oxen, and slew them, and boiled their flesh with the instruments of the oxen, and gave unto the people, and they did eat. Then he arose, and went after Elijah, and ministered unto him."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 20:8 "And all the elders and all the people said unto him, Hearken not unto him, nor consent."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 20:10 "And Benhadad sent unto him, and said, The gods do so unto me, and more also, if the dust of Samaria shall suffice for handfuls for all the people that follow me."
Aspect7, 1 Kings 22:13 "And the messenger that was gone to call Micaiah spake unto him, saying, Behold now, the words of the prophets declare good unto the king with one mouth: let thy word, I pray thee, be like the word of one of them, and speak that which is good."
Aspect7, 2 Kings 1:5 "And when the messengers turned back unto him, he said unto them, Why are ye now turned back?"
Aspect7, 2 Kings 1:6 "And they said unto him, There came a man up to meet us, and said unto us, Go, turn again unto the king that sent you, and say unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Is it not because there is not a God in Israel, that thou sendest to enquire of Baalzebub the god of Ekron? therefore thou shalt not come down from that bed on which thou art gone up, but shalt surely die."
Aspect7, 2 Kings 1:9 "Then the king sent unto him a captain of fifty with his fifty. And he went up to him: and, behold, he sat on the top of an hill. And he spake unto him, Thou man of God, the king hath said, Come down."
Aspect7, 2 Kings 1:11 "Again also he sent unto him another captain of fifty with his fifty. And he answered and said unto him, O man of God, thus hath the king said, Come down quickly."
Aspect7, 2 Kings 1:15 "And the angel of the LORD said unto Elijah, Go down with him: be not afraid of him. And he arose, and went down with him unto the king."
Aspect7, 2 Kings 2:18 "And when they came again to him, (for he tarried at Jericho,) he said unto them, Did I not say unto you, Go not?"
Aspect7, 2 Kings 5:27 "The leprosy therefore of Naaman shall cleave unto thee, and unto thy seed for ever. And he went out from his presence a leper as white as snow."
Aspect7, 2 Kings 6:9 "And the man of God sent unto the king of Israel, saying, Beware that thou pass not such a place; for thither the Syrians are come down."
Aspect7, 2 Kings 8:8 "And the king said unto Hazael, Take a present in thine hand, and go, meet the man of God, and enquire of the LORD by him, saying, Shall I recover of this disease?"
Aspect7, 2 Kings 13:15 "And Elisha said unto him, Take bow and arrows. And he took unto him bow and arrows."
Aspect7, 2 Kings 13:23 "And the LORD was gracious unto them, and had compassion on them, and had respect unto them, because of his covenant with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and would not destroy them, neither cast he them from his presence as yet."
Aspect7, 2 Kings 14:25 "He restored the coast of Israel from the entering of Hamath unto the sea of the plain, according to the word of the LORD God of Israel, which he spake by the hand of his servant Jonah, the son of Amittai, the prophet, which was of Gathhepher."
Aspect7, 2 Kings 19:6 "And Isaiah said unto them, Thus shall ye say to your master, Thus saith the LORD, Be not afraid of the words which thou hast heard, with which the servants of the king of Assyria have blasphemed me."
Aspect7, 2 Kings 20:1 "In those days was Hezekiah sick unto death. And the prophet Isaiah the son of Amoz came to him, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Set thine house in order; for thou shalt die, and not live."
Aspect7, 2 Kings 22:15 "And she said unto them, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Tell the man that sent you to me,"
Aspect7, 2 Kings 23:25 "And like unto him was there no king before him, that turned to the LORD with all his heart, and with all his soul, and with all his might, according to all the law of Moses; neither after him arose there any like him."
Aspect7, 2 Kings 24:7 "And the king of Egypt came not again any more out of his land: for the king of Babylon had taken from the river of Egypt unto the river Euphrates all that pertained to the king of Egypt."
Aspect7, 2 Kings 25:2 "And the city was besieged unto the eleventh year of king Zedekiah."
Aspect7, 1 Chronicles 3:5 "And these were born unto him in Jerusalem; Shimea, and Shobab, and Nathan, and Solomon, four, of Bathshua the daughter of Ammiel:"
Aspect7, 1 Chronicles 4:33 "And all their villages that were round about the same cities, unto Baal. These were their habitations, and their genealogy."
Aspect7, 1 Chronicles 5:9 "And eastward he inhabited unto the entering in of the wilderness from the river Euphrates: because their cattle were multiplied in the land of Gilead."
Aspect7, 1 Chronicles 5:23 "And the children of the half tribe of Manasseh dwelt in the land: they increased from Bashan unto Baalhermon and Senir, and unto mount Hermon."
Aspect7, 1 Chronicles 12:16 "And there came of the children of Benjamin and Judah to the hold unto David."
Aspect7, 1 Chronicles 13:2 "And David said unto all the congregation of Israel, If it seem good unto you, and that it be of the LORD our God, let us send abroad unto our brethren every where, that are left in all the land of Israel, and with them also to the priests and Levites which are in their cities and suburbs, that they may gather themselves unto us:"
Aspect7, 1 Chronicles 13:5 "So David gathered all Israel together, from Shihor of Egypt even unto the entering of Hemath, to bring the ark of God from Kirjathjearim."
Aspect7, 1 Chronicles 13:9 "And when they came unto the threshingfloor of Chidon, Uzza put forth his hand to hold the ark; for the oxen stumbled."
Aspect7, 1 Chronicles 14:14 "Therefore David inquired again of God; and God said unto him, Go not up after them; turn away from them, and come upon them over against the mulberry trees."
Aspect7, 1 Chronicles 15:3 "And David gathered all Israel together to Jerusalem, to bring up the ark of the LORD unto his place, which he had prepared for it."
Aspect7, 1 Chronicles 16:9 "Sing unto him, sing psalms unto him, talk ye of all his wondrous works."
Aspect7, 1 Chronicles 21:8 "And David said unto God, I have sinned greatly, because I have done this thing: but now, I beseech thee, do away the iniquity of thy servant; for I have done very foolishly."
Aspect7, 1 Chronicles 21:11 "So Gad came to David, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Choose thee"
Aspect7, 1 Chronicles 29:1 "Furthermore David the king said unto all the congregation, Solomon my son, whom alone God hath chosen, is yet young and tender, and the work is great: for the palace is not for man, but for the LORD God."
Aspect7, 1 Chronicles 29:21 "And they sacrificed sacrifices unto the LORD, and offered burnt offerings unto the LORD, on the morrow after that day, even a thousand bullocks, a thousand rams, and a thousand lambs, with their drink offerings, and sacrifices in abundance for all Israel:"
Aspect7, 2 Chronicles 1:8 "And Solomon said unto God, Thou hast showed great mercy unto David my father, and hast made me to reign in his stead."
Aspect7, 2 Chronicles 5:3 "Wherefore all the men of Israel assembled themselves unto the king in the feast which was in the seventh month."
Aspect7, 2 Chronicles 7:21 "And this house, which is high, shall be an astonishment to every one that passeth by it; so that he shall say, Why hath the LORD done thus unto this land, and unto this house?"
Aspect7, 2 Chronicles 10:5 "And he said unto them, Come again unto me after three days. And the people departed."
Aspect7, 2 Chronicles 14:13 "And Asa and the people that were with him pursued them unto Gerar: and the Ethiopians were overthrown, that they could not recover themselves; for they were destroyed before the LORD, and before his host; and they carried away very much spoil."
Aspect7, 2 Chronicles 15:19 "And there was no more war unto the five and thirtieth year of the reign of Asa."
Aspect7, 2 Chronicles 18:7 "And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, There is yet one man, by whom we may enquire of the LORD: but I hate him; for he never prophesied good unto me, but always evil: the same is Micaiah the son of Imla. And Jehoshaphat said, Let not the king say so."
Aspect7, 2 Chronicles 24:5 "And he gathered together the priests and the Levites, and said to them, Go out unto the cities of Judah, and gather of all Israel money to repair the house of your God from year to year, and see that ye hasten the matter. Howbeit the Levites hastened it not."
Aspect7, 2 Chronicles 25:15 "Wherefore the anger of the LORD was kindled against Amaziah, and he sent unto him a prophet, which said unto him, Why hast thou sought after the gods of the people, which could not deliver their own people out of thine hand?"
Aspect7, 2 Chronicles 25:16 "And it came to pass, as he talked with him, that the king said unto him, Art thou made of the king's counsel? forbear; why shouldest thou be smitten? Then the prophet forbare, and said, I know that God hath determined to destroy thee, because thou hast done this, and hast not hearkened unto my counsel."
Aspect7, 2 Chronicles 26:18 "And they withstood Uzziah the king, and said unto him, It appertaineth not unto thee, Uzziah, to burn incense unto the LORD, but to the priests the sons of Aaron, that are consecrated to burn incense: go out of the sanctuary; for thou hast trespassed; neither shall it be for thine honor from the LORD God."
Aspect7, 2 Chronicles 28:16 "At that time did king Ahaz send unto the kings of Assyria to help him."
Aspect7, 2 Chronicles 28:20 "And Tilgathpilneser king of Assyria came unto him, and distressed him, but strengthened him not."
Aspect7, 2 Chronicles 28:23 "For he sacrificed unto the gods of Damascus, which smote him: and he said, Because the gods of the kings of Syria help them, therefore will I sacrifice to them, that they may help me. But they were the ruin of him, and of all Israel."
Aspect7, 2 Chronicles 31:16 "Beside their genealogy of males, from three years old and upward, even unto every one that entereth into the house of the LORD, his daily portion for their service in their charges according to their courses;"
Aspect7, 2 Chronicles 32:9 "After this did Sennacherib king of Assyria send his servants to Jerusalem, (but he himself laid siege against Lachish, and all his power with him,) unto Hezekiah king of Judah, and unto all Judah that were at Jerusalem, saying,"
Aspect7, 2 Chronicles 32:24 "In those days Hezekiah was sick to the death, and prayed unto the LORD: and he spake unto him, and he gave him a sign."
Aspect7, 2 Chronicles 32:31 "Howbeit in the business of the ambassadors of the princes of Babylon, who sent unto him to enquire of the wonder that was done in the land, God left him, to try him, that he might know all that was in his heart."
Aspect7, Ezra 2:1 "Now these are the children of the province that went up out of the captivity, of those which had been carried away, whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away unto Babylon, and came again unto Jerusalem and Judah, every one unto his city;"
Aspect7, Ezra 2:69 "They gave after their ability unto the treasure of the work threescore and one thousand drams of gold, and five thousand pound of silver, and one hundred priests' garments."
Aspect7, Ezra 3:7 "They gave money also unto the masons, and to the carpenters; and meat, and drink, and oil, unto them of Zidon, and to them of Tyre, to bring cedar trees from Lebanon to the sea of Joppa, according to the grant that they had of Cyrus king of Persia."
Aspect7, Ezra 3:8 "Now in the second year of their coming unto the house of God at Jerusalem, in the second month, began Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and the remnant of their brethren the priests and the Levites, and all they that were come out of the captivity unto Jerusalem; and appointed the Levites, from twenty years old and upward, to set forward the work of the house of the LORD."
Aspect7, Ezra 4:3 "But Zerubbabel, and Jeshua, and the rest of the chief of the fathers of Israel, said unto them, Ye have nothing to do with us to build an house unto our God; but we ourselves together will build unto the LORD God of Israel, as king Cyrus the king of Persia hath commanded us."
Aspect7, Ezra 4:11 "This is the copy of the letter that they sent unto him, even unto Artaxerxes the king; Thy servants the men on this side the river, and at such a time."
Aspect7, Ezra 4:12 "Be it known unto the king, that the Jews which came up from thee to us are come unto Jerusalem, building the rebellious and the bad city, and have set up the walls thereof, and joined the foundations."
Aspect7, Ezra 4:17 "Then sent the king an answer unto Rehum the chancellor, and to Shimshai the scribe, and to the rest of their companions that dwell in Samaria, and unto the rest beyond the river, Peace, and at such a time."
Aspect7, Ezra 5:1 "Then the prophets, Haggai the prophet, and Zechariah the son of Iddo, prophesied unto the Jews that were in Judah and Jerusalem in the name of the God of Israel, even unto them."
Aspect7, Ezra 5:4 "Then said we unto them after this manner, What are the names of the men that make this building?"
Aspect7, Ezra 5:7 "They sent a letter unto him, wherein was written thus; Unto Darius the king, all peace."
Aspect7, Ezra 5:15 "And said unto him, Take these vessels, go, carry them into the temple that is in Jerusalem, and let the house of God be builded in his place."
Aspect7, Ezra 6:22 "And kept the feast of unleavened bread seven days with joy: for the LORD had made them joyful, and turned the heart of the king of Assyria unto them, to strengthen their hands in the work of the house of God, the God of Israel."
Aspect7, Ezra 7:15 "And to carry the silver and gold, which the king and his counsellors have freely offered unto the God of Israel, whose habitation is in Jerusalem,"
Aspect7, Ezra 7:28 "And hath extended mercy unto me before the king, and his counsellors, and before all the king's mighty princes. And I was strengthened as the hand of the LORD my God was upon me, and I gathered together out of Israel chief men to go up with me."
Aspect7, Ezra 8:17 "And I sent them with commandment unto Iddo the chief at the place Casiphia, and I told them what they should say unto Iddo, and to his brethren the Nethinims, at the place Casiphia, that they should bring unto us ministers for the house of our God."
Aspect7, Ezra 8:22 "For I was ashamed to require of the king a band of soldiers and horsemen to help us against the enemy in the way: because we had spoken unto the king, saying, The hand of our God is upon all them for good that seek him; but his power and his wrath is against all them that forsake him."
Aspect7, Ezra 8:30 "So took the priests and the Levites the weight of the silver, and the gold, and the vessels, to bring them to Jerusalem unto the house of our God."
Aspect7, Ezra 8:35 "Also the children of those that had been carried away, which were come out of the captivity, offered burnt offerings unto the God of Israel, twelve bullocks for all Israel, ninety and six rams, seventy and seven lambs, twelve he goats for a sin offering: all this was a burnt offering unto the LORD."
Aspect7, Ezra 8:36 "And they delivered the king's commissions unto the king's lieutenants, and to the governors on this side the river: and they furthered the people, and the house of God."
Aspect7, Ezra 9:4 "Then were assembled unto me every one that trembled at the words of the God of Israel, because of the transgression of those that had been carried away; and I sat astonied until the evening sacrifice."
Aspect7, Ezra 9:12 "Now therefore give not your daughters unto their sons, neither take their daughters unto your sons, nor seek their peace or their wealth for ever: that ye may be strong, and eat the good of the land, and leave it for an inheritance to your children for ever."
Aspect7, Ezra 10:7 "And they made proclamation throughout Judah and Jerusalem unto all the children of the captivity, that they should gather themselves together unto Jerusalem;"
Aspect7, Nehemiah 1:9 "But if ye turn unto me, and keep my commandments, and do them; though there were of you cast out unto the uttermost part of the heaven, yet will I gather them from thence, and will bring them unto the place that I have chosen to set my name there."
Aspect7, Nehemiah 2:5 "And I said unto the king, If it please the king, and if thy servant have found favour in thy sight, that thou wouldest send me unto Judah, unto the city of my fathers' sepulchres, that I may build it."
Aspect7, Nehemiah 2:7 "Moreover I said unto the king, If it please the king, let letters be given me to the governors beyond the river, that they may convey me over till I come into Judah;"
Aspect7, Nehemiah 2:18 "Then I told them of the hand of my God which was good upon me; as also the king's words that he had spoken unto me. And they said, Let us rise up and build. So they strengthened their hands for this good work."
Aspect7, Nehemiah 3:1 "Then Eliashib the high priest rose up with his brethren the priests, and they builded the sheep gate; they sanctified it, and set up the doors of it; even unto the tower of Meah they sanctified it, unto the tower of Hananeel."
Aspect7, Nehemiah 3:7 "And next unto them repaired Melatiah the Gibeonite, and Jadon the Meronothite, the men of Gibeon, and of Mizpah, unto the throne of the governor on this side the river."
Aspect7, Nehemiah 3:16 "After him repaired Nehemiah the son of Azbuk, the ruler of the half part of Bethzur, unto the place over against the sepulchres of David, and to the pool that was made, and unto the house of the mighty."
Aspect7, Nehemiah 3:24 "After him repaired Binnui the son of Henadad another piece, from the house of Azariah unto the turning of the wall, even unto the corner."
Aspect7, Nehemiah 3:26 "Moreover the Nethinims dwelt in Ophel, unto the place over against the water gate toward the east, and the tower that lieth out."
Aspect7, Nehemiah 3:27 "After them the Tekoites repaired another piece, over against the great tower that lieth out, even unto the wall of Ophel."
Aspect7, Nehemiah 3:32 "And between the going up of the corner unto the sheep gate repaired the goldsmiths and the merchants."
Aspect7, Nehemiah 4:6 "So built we the wall; and all the wall was joined together unto the half thereof: for the people had a mind to work."
Aspect7, Nehemiah 4:9 "Nevertheless we made our prayer unto our God, and set a watch against them day and night, because of them."
Aspect7, Nehemiah 4:12 "And it came to pass, that when the Jews which dwelt by them came, they said unto us ten times, From all places whence ye shall return unto us they will be upon you."
Aspect7, Nehemiah 4:15 "And it came to pass, when our enemies heard that it was known unto us, and God had brought their counsel to nought, that we returned all of us to the wall, every one unto his work."
Aspect7, Nehemiah 5:8 "And I said unto them, We after our ability have redeemed our brethren the Jews, which were sold unto the heathen; and will ye even sell your brethren? or shall they be sold unto us? Then held they their peace, and found nothing to answer."
Aspect7, Nehemiah 6:4 "Yet they sent unto me four times after this sort; and I answered them after the same manner."
Aspect7, Nehemiah 6:17 "Moreover in those days the nobles of Judah sent many letters unto Tobiah, and the letters of Tobiah came unto them."
Aspect7, Nehemiah 8:10 "Then he said unto them, Go your way, eat the fat, and drink the sweet, and send portions unto them for whom nothing is prepared: for this day is holy unto our LORD: neither be ye sorry; for the joy of the LORD is your strength."
Aspect7, Nehemiah 10:37 "And that we should bring the firstfruits of our dough, and our offerings, and the fruit of all manner of trees, of wine and of oil, unto the priests, to the chambers of the house of our God; and the tithes of our ground unto the Levites, that the same Levites might have the tithes in all the cities of our tillage."
Aspect7, Nehemiah 12:46 "For in the days of David and Asaph of old there were chief of the singers, and songs of praise and thanksgiving unto God."
Aspect7, Nehemiah 12:47 "And all Israel in the days of Zerubbabel, and in the days of Nehemiah, gave the portions of the singers and the porters, every day his portion: and they sanctified holy things unto the Levites; and the Levites sanctified them unto the children of Aaron."
Aspect7, Nehemiah 13:4 "And before this, Eliashib the priest, having the oversight of the chamber of the house of our God, was allied unto Tobiah:"
Aspect7, Nehemiah 13:14 "Remember me, O my God, concerning this, and wipe not out my good deeds that I have done for the house of my God, and for the offices thereof."
Aspect7, Nehemiah 13:25 "And I contended with them, and cursed them, and smote certain of them, and plucked off their hair, and made them swear by God, saying, Ye shall not give your daughters unto their sons, nor take their daughters unto your sons, or for yourselves."
Aspect7, Nehemiah 13:27 "Shall we then hearken unto you to do all this great evil, to transgress against our God in marrying strange wives?"
Aspect7, Esther 1:1 "Now it came to pass in the days of Ahasuerus, (this is Ahasuerus which reigned, from India even unto Ethiopia, over an hundred and seven and twenty provinces:)"
Aspect7, Esther 1:5 "And when these days were expired, the king made a feast unto all the people that were present in Shushan the palace, both unto great and small, seven days, in the court of the garden of the king's palace;"
Aspect7, Esther 1:15 "What shall we do unto the queen Vashti according to law, because she hath not performed the commandment of the king Ahasuerus by the chamberlains?"
Aspect7, Esther 2:3 "And let the king appoint officers in all the provinces of his kingdom, that they may gather together all the fair young virgins unto Shushan the palace, to the house of the women, unto the custody of Hege the king's chamberlain, keeper of the women; and let their things for purification be given them:"
Aspect7, Esther 2:13 "Then thus came every maiden unto the king; whatsoever she desired was given her to go with her out of the house of the women unto the king's house."
Aspect7, Esther 4:8 "Also he gave him the copy of the writing of the decree that was given at Shushan to destroy them, to shew it unto Esther, and to declare it unto her, and to charge her that she should go in unto the king, to make supplication unto him, and to make request before him for her people."
Aspect7, Esther 4:10 "Again Esther spake unto Hatach, and gave him commandment unto Mordecai;"
Aspect7, Esther 4:16 "Go, gather together all the Jews that are present in Shushan, and fast ye for me, and neither eat nor drink three days, night or day: I also and my maidens will fast likewise; and so will I go in unto the king, which is not according to the law: and if I perish, I perish."
Aspect7, Esther 5:4 "And Esther answered, If it seem good unto the king, let the king and Haman come this day unto the banquet that I have prepared for him."
Aspect7, Esther 5:12 "Haman said moreover, Yea, Esther the queen did let no man come in with the king unto the banquet that she had prepared but myself; and to morrow am I invited unto her also with the king."
Aspect7, Esther 5:14 "Then said Zeresh his wife and all his friends unto him, Let a gallows be made of fifty cubits high, and to morrow speak thou unto the king that Mordecai may be hanged thereon: then go thou in merrily with the king unto the banquet. And the thing pleased Haman; and he caused the gallows to be made."
Aspect7, Esther 6:6 "So Haman came in. And the king said unto him, What shall be done unto the man whom the king delighteth to honour? Now Haman thought in his heart, To whom would the king delight to do honour more than to myself?"
Aspect7, Esther 6:14 "And while they were yet talking with him, came the king's chamberlains, and hasted to bring Haman unto the banquet that Esther had prepared."
Aspect7, Esther 8:1 "On that day did the king Ahasuerus give the house of Haman the Jews' enemy unto Esther the queen. And Mordecai came before the king; for Esther had told what he was unto her."
Aspect7, Esther 8:9 "Then were the king's scribes called at that time in the third month, that is, the month Sivan, on the three and twentieth day thereof; and it was written according to all that Mordecai commanded unto the Jews, and to the lieutenants, and the deputies and rulers of the provinces which are from India unto Ethiopia, an hundred twenty and seven provinces, unto every province according to the writing thereof, and unto every people after their language, and to the Jews according to their writing, and according to their language."
Aspect7, Esther 9:23 "And the Jews undertook to do as they had begun, and as Mordecai had written unto them;"
Aspect7, Job 3:6 "As for that night, let darkness seize upon it; let it not be joined unto the days of the year, let it not come into the number of the months."
Aspect7, Job 5:8 "I would seek unto God, and unto God would I commit my cause:"
Aspect7, Job 6:22 "Did I say, Bring unto me? or, Give a reward for me of your substance?"
Aspect7, Job 6:28 "Now therefore be content, look upon me; for it is evident unto you if I lie."
Aspect7, Job 9:12 "Behold, he taketh away, who can hinder him? who will say unto him, What doest thou?"
Aspect7, Job 13:12 "Your remembrances are like unto ashes, your bodies to bodies of clay."
Aspect7, Job 15:19 "Unto whom alone the earth was given, and no stranger passed among them."
Aspect7, Job 16:20 "My friends scorn me: but mine eye poureth out tears unto God."
Aspect7, Job 20:29 "This is the portion of a wicked man from God, and the heritage appointed unto him by God."
Aspect7, Job 21:14 "Therefore they say unto God, Depart from us; for we desire not the knowledge of thy ways."
Aspect7, Job 21:15 "What is the Almighty, that we should serve him? and what profit should we have, if we pray unto him?"
Aspect7, Job 21:33 "The clods of the valley shall be sweet unto him, and every man shall draw after him, as there are innumerable before him."
Aspect7, Job 22:2 "Can a man be profitable unto God, as he that is wise may be profitable unto himself?"
Aspect7, Job 23:5 "I would know the words which he would answer me, and understand what he would say unto me."
Aspect7, Job 29:21 "Unto me men gave ear, and waited, and kept silence at my counsel."
Aspect7, Job 31:10 "Then let my wife grind unto another, and let others bow down upon her."
Aspect7, Job 31:37 "I would declare unto him the number of my steps; as a prince would I go near unto him."
Aspect7, Job 32:12 "Yea, I attended unto you, and, behold, there was none of you that convinced Job, or that answered his words:"
Aspect7, Job 32:21 "Let me not, I pray you, accept any man's person, neither let me give flattering titles unto man."
Aspect7, Job 33:14 "For God speaketh once, yea twice, yet man perceiveth it not."
Aspect7, Job 33:22 "Yea, his soul draweth near unto the grave, and his life to the destroyers."
Aspect7, Job 33:24 "Then he is gracious unto him, and saith, Deliver him from going down to the pit: I have found a ransom."
Aspect7, Job 33:26 "He shall pray unto God, and he will be favourable unto him: and he shall see his face with joy: for he will render unto man his righteousness."
Aspect7, Job 34:11 "For the work of a man shall he render unto him, and cause every man to find according to his ways."
Aspect7, Job 34:14 "If he set his heart upon man, if he gather unto himself his spirit and his breath;"
Aspect7, Job 34:15 "All flesh shall perish together, and man shall turn again unto dust."
Aspect7, Job 34:34 "Let men of understanding tell me, and let a wise man hearken unto me."
Aspect7, Job 35:5 "Look unto the heavens, and see; and behold the clouds which are higher than thou."
Aspect7, Job 35:16 "Therefore doth Job open his mouth in vain; he multiplieth words without knowledge."
Aspect7, Job 37:3 "He directeth it under the whole heaven, and his lightning unto the ends of the earth."
Aspect7, Job 37:14 "Hearken unto this, O Job: stand still, and consider the wondrous works of God."
Aspect7, Job 37:19 "Teach us what we shall say unto him; for we cannot order our speech by reason of darkness."
Aspect7, Job 38:35 "Canst thou send lightnings, that they may go and say unto thee, Here we are?"
Aspect7, Job 38:41 "Who provideth for the raven his food? when his young ones cry unto God, they wander for lack of meat."
Aspect7, Job 39:4 "Their young ones are in good liking, they grow up with corn; they go forth, and return not unto them."
Aspect7, Job 39:13 "Gavest thou the goodly wings unto the peacocks? or wings and feathers unto the ostrich?"
Aspect7, Psalm 2:5 "Then shall he speak unto them in his wrath, and vex them in his sore displeasure."
Aspect7, Psalm 5:2 "Hearken unto the voice of my cry, my King, and my God: for unto thee will I pray."
Aspect7, Psalm 16:6 "The lines are fallen unto me in pleasant places; yea, I have a goodly heritage."
Aspect7, Psalm 18:49 "Therefore will I give thanks unto thee, O LORD, among the heathen, and sing praises unto thy name."
Aspect7, Psalm 19:2 "Day unto day uttereth speech, and night unto night sheweth knowledge."
Aspect7, Psalm 19:6 "His going forth is from the end of the heaven, and his circuit unto the ends of it: and there is nothing hid from the heat thereof."
Aspect7, Psalm 25:1 "Unto thee, O LORD, do I lift up my soul."
Aspect7, Psalm 26:11 "But as for me, I will walk in mine integrity: redeem me, and be merciful unto me."
Aspect7, Psalm 30:4 "Sing unto the LORD, O ye saints of his, and give thanks at the remembrance of his holiness."
Aspect7, Psalm 32:5 "I acknowledge my sin unto thee, and mine iniquity have I not hid. I said, I will confess my transgressions unto the LORD; and thou forgavest the iniquity of my sin. Selah."
Aspect7, Psalm 32:6 "For this shall every one that is godly pray unto thee in a time when thou mayest be found: surely in the floods of great waters they shall not come nigh unto him."
Aspect7, Psalm 33:3 "Sing unto him a new song; play skilfully with a loud noise."
Aspect7, Psalm 34:5 "They looked unto him, and were lightened: and their faces were not ashamed."
Aspect7, Psalm 40:3 "And he hath put a new song in my mouth, even praise unto our God: many shall see it, and fear, and shall trust in the LORD."
Aspect7, Psalm 40:15 "Let them be desolate for a reward of their shame that say unto me, Aha, aha."
Aspect7, Psalm 41:8 "An evil disease, say they, cleaveth fast unto him: and now that he lieth he shall rise up no more."
Aspect7, Psalm 42:3 "My tears have been my meat day and night, while they continually say unto me, Where is thy God?"
Aspect7, Psalm 42:7 "Deep calleth unto deep at the noise of thy waterspouts: all thy waves and thy billows are gone over me."
Aspect7, Psalm 42:9 "I will say unto God my rock, Why hast thou forgotten me? why go I mourning because of the oppression of the enemy?"
Aspect7, Psalm 43:4 "Then will I go unto the altar of God, unto God my exceeding joy: yea, upon the harp will I praise thee, O God my God."
Aspect7, Psalm 44:25 "For our soul is bowed down to the dust: our belly cleaveth unto the earth."
Aspect7, Psalm 45:14 "She shall be brought unto the king in raiment of needlework: the virgins her companions that follow her shall be brought unto thee."
Aspect7, Psalm 48:10 "According to thy name, O God, so is thy praise unto the ends of the earth: thy right hand is full of righteousness."
Aspect7, Psalm 50:5 "Gather my saints together unto me; those that have made a covenant with me by sacrifice."
Aspect7, Psalm 50:14 "Offer unto God thanksgiving; and pay thy vows unto the most High:"
Aspect7, Psalm 51:1 "Have mercy upon me, O God, according to thy lovingkindness: according unto the multitude of thy tender mercies blot out my transgressions."
Aspect7, Psalm 51:12 "Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation; and uphold me with thy free spirit."
Aspect7, Psalm 51:18 "Do good in thy good pleasure unto Zion: build thou the walls of Jerusalem."
Aspect7, Psalm 55:14 "We took sweet counsel together, and walked unto the house of God in company."
Aspect7, Psalm 56:1 "Be merciful unto me, O God: for man would swallow me up; he fighting daily oppresseth me."
Aspect7, Psalm 56:4 "In God I will praise his word, in God I have put my trust; I will not fear what flesh can do unto me."
Aspect7, Psalm 56:11 "In God have I put my trust: I will not be afraid what man can do unto me."
Aspect7, Psalm 57:1 "Be merciful unto me, O God, be merciful unto me: for my soul trusteth in thee: yea, in the shadow of thy wings will I make my refuge, until these calamities be overpast."
Aspect7, Psalm 57:2 "I will cry unto God most high; unto God that performeth all things for me."
Aspect7, Psalm 57:10 "For thy mercy is great unto the heavens, and thy truth unto the clouds."
Aspect7, Psalm 59:13 "Consume them in wrath, consume them, that they may not be: and let them know that God ruleth in Jacob unto the ends of the earth. Selah."
Aspect7, Psalm 61:1 "Hear my cry, O God; attend unto my prayer."
Aspect7, Psalm 62:11 "God hath spoken once; twice have I heard this; that power belongeth unto God."
Aspect7, Psalm 66:3 "Say unto God, How terrible art thou in thy works! through the greatness of thy power shall thine enemies submit themselves unto thee."
Aspect7, Psalm 66:17 "I cried unto him with my mouth, and he was extolled with my tongue."
Aspect7, Psalm 68:4 "Sing unto God, sing praises to his name: extol him that rideth upon the heavens by his name JAH, and rejoice before him."
Aspect7, Psalm 68:29 "Because of thy temple at Jerusalem shall kings bring presents unto thee."
Aspect7, Psalm 68:31 "Princes shall come out of Egypt; Ethiopia shall soon stretch out her hands unto God."
Aspect7, Psalm 68:32 "Sing unto God, ye kingdoms of the earth; O sing praises unto the Lord; Selah:"
Aspect7, Psalm 68:34 "Ascribe ye strength unto God: his excellency is over Israel, and his strength is in the clouds."
Aspect7, Psalm 69:8 "I am become a stranger unto my brethren, and an alien unto my mother's children."
Aspect7, Psalm 71:7 "I am as a wonder unto many; but thou art my strong refuge."
Aspect7, Psalm 74:3 "Lift up thy feet unto the perpetual desolations; even all that the enemy hath done wickedly in the sanctuary."
Aspect7, Psalm 76:11 "Vow, and pay unto the LORD your God: let all that be round about him bring presents unto him that ought to be feared."
Aspect7, Psalm 77:1 "I cried unto God with my voice, even unto God with my voice; and he gave ear unto me."
Aspect7, Psalm 78:36 "Nevertheless they did flatter him with their mouth, and they lied unto him with their tongues."
Aspect7, Psalm 78:46 "He gave also their increase unto the caterpiller, and their labour unto the locust."
Aspect7, Psalm 79:2 "The dead bodies of thy servants have they given to be meat unto the fowls of the heaven, the flesh of thy saints unto the beasts of the earth."
Aspect7, Psalm 80:11 "She sent out her boughs unto the sea, and her branches unto the river."
Aspect7, Psalm 81:1 "Sing aloud unto God our strength: make a joyful noise unto the God of Jacob."
Aspect7, Psalm 81:8 "Hear, O my people, and I will testify unto thee: O Israel, if thou wilt hearken unto me;"
Aspect7, Psalm 81:12 "So I gave them up unto their own hearts' lust: and they walked in their own counsels."
Aspect7, Psalm 81:13 "Oh that my people had hearkened unto me, and Israel had walked in my ways!"
Aspect7, Psalm 83:9 "Do unto them as unto the Midianites; as to Sisera, as to Jabin, at the brook of Kison:"
Aspect7, Psalm 86:3 "Be merciful unto me, O Lord: for I cry unto thee daily."
Aspect7, Psalm 86:4 "Rejoice the soul of thy servant: for unto thee, O Lord, do I lift up my soul."
Aspect7, Psalm 86:8 "Among the gods there is none like unto thee, O Lord; neither are there any works like unto thy works."
Aspect7, Psalm 86:16 "O turn unto me, and have mercy upon me; give thy strength unto thy servant, and save the son of thine handmaid."
Aspect7, Psalm 89:35 "Once have I sworn by my holiness that I will not lie unto David."
Aspect7, Psalm 90:12 "So teach us to number our days, that we may apply our hearts unto wisdom."
Aspect7, Psalm 90:16 "Let thy work appear unto thy servants, and thy glory unto their children."
Aspect7, Psalm 92:1 "IT IS A GOOD THING TO GIVE THANKS UNTO THE LORD, AND TO SING PRAISES UNTO THY NAME, O MOST HIGH:"
Aspect7, Psalm 94:15 "But judgment shall return unto righteousness: and all the upright in heart shall follow it."
Aspect7, Psalm 95:11 "Unto whom I sware in my wrath that they should not enter into my rest."
Aspect7, Psalm 96:8 "Give unto the LORD the glory due unto his name: bring an offering, and come into his courts."
Aspect7, Psalm 99:7 "He spake unto them in the cloudy pillar: they kept his testimonies, and the ordinance that he gave them."
Aspect7, Psalm 100:4 "Enter into his gates with thanksgiving, and into his courts with praise: be thankful unto him, and bless his name."
Aspect7, Psalm 103:7 "He made known his ways unto Moses, his acts unto the children of Israel."
Aspect7, Psalm 104:8 "They go up by the mountains; they go down by the valleys unto the place which thou hast founded for them."
Aspect7, Psalm 104:23 "Man goeth forth unto his work and to his labour until the evening."
Aspect7, Psalm 105:2 "Sing unto him, sing psalms unto him: talk ye of all his wondrous works."
Aspect7, Psalm 105:9 "Which covenant he made with Abraham, and his oath unto Isaac;"
Aspect7, Psalm 105:10 "And confirmed the same unto Jacob for a law, and to Israel for an everlasting covenant:"
Aspect7, Psalm 106:31 "And that was counted unto him for righteousness unto all generations for evermore."
Aspect7, Psalm 106:36 "And they served their idols: which were a snare unto them."
Aspect7, Psalm 106:37 "Yea, they sacrificed their sons and their daughters unto devils,"
Aspect7, Psalm 107:18 "Their soul abhorreth all manner of meat; and they draw near unto the gates of death."
Aspect7, Psalm 107:30 "Then are they glad because they be quiet; so he bringeth them unto their desired haven."
Aspect7, Psalm 108:4 "For thy mercy is great above the heavens: and thy truth reacheth unto the clouds."
Aspect7, Psalm 109:4 "For my love they are my adversaries: but I give myself unto prayer."
Aspect7, Psalm 109:12 "Let there be none to extend mercy unto him: neither let there be any to favour his fatherless children."
Aspect7, Psalm 111:5 "He hath given meat unto them that fear him: he will ever be mindful of his covenant."
Aspect7, Psalm 112:4 "Unto the upright there ariseth light in the darkness: he is gracious, and full of compassion, and righteous."
Aspect7, Psalm 115:1 "Not unto us, O LORD, not unto us, but unto thy name give glory, for thy mercy, and for thy truth's sake."
Aspect7, Psalm 115:8 "They that make them are like unto them; so is every one that trusteth in them."
Aspect7, Psalm 116:2 "Because he hath inclined his ear unto me, therefore will I call upon him as long as I live."
Aspect7, Psalm 119:15 "I will meditate in thy precepts, and have respect unto thy ways."
Aspect7, Psalm 119:36 "Incline my heart unto thy testimonies, and not to covetousness."
Aspect7, Psalm 119:38 "Stablish thy word unto thy servant, who is devoted to thy fear."
Aspect7, Psalm 119:49 "Remember the word unto thy servant, upon which thou hast caused me to hope."
Aspect7, Psalm 119:58 "I intreated thy favour with my whole heart: be merciful unto me according to thy word."
Aspect7, Psalm 119:59 "I thought on my ways, and turned my feet unto thy testimonies."
Aspect7, Psalm 119:62 "At midnight I will rise to give thanks unto thee because of thy righteous judgments."
Aspect7, Psalm 119:72 "The law of thy mouth is better unto me than thousands of gold and silver."
Aspect7, Psalm 119:103 "How sweet are thy words unto my taste! yea, sweeter than honey to my mouth!"
Aspect7, Psalm 119:105 "Thy word is a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my path."
Aspect7, Psalm 119:116 "Uphold me according unto thy word, that I may live: and let me not be ashamed of my hope."
Aspect7, Psalm 119:130 "The entrance of thy words giveth light; it giveth understanding unto the simple."
Aspect7, Psalm 120:3 "What shall be given unto thee? or what shall be done unto thee, thou false tongue?"
Aspect7, Psalm 121:1 "I will lift up mine eyes unto the hills, from whence cometh my help."
Aspect7, Psalm 125:4 "Do good, O LORD, unto those that be good, and to them that are upright in their hearts."
Aspect7, Psalm 130:1 "Out of the depths have I cried unto thee, O LORD."
Aspect7, Psalm 132:2 "How he sware unto the LORD, and vowed unto the mighty God of Jacob;"
Aspect7, Psalm 135:18 "They that make them are like unto them: so is every one that trusteth in them."
Aspect7, Psalm 136:2 "O give thanks unto the God of gods: for his mercy endureth for ever."
Aspect7, Psalm 136:26 "O give thanks unto the God of heaven: for his mercy endureth for ever."
Aspect7, Psalm 139:6 "Such knowledge is too wonderful for me; it is high, I cannot attain unto it."
Aspect7, Psalm 141:1 "Lord, I cry unto thee: make haste unto me; give ear unto my voice, when I cry unto thee."
Aspect7, Psalm 142:6 "Attend unto my cry; for I am brought very low: deliver me from my persecutors; for they are stronger than I."
Aspect7, Psalm 147:1 "Praise ye the LORD: for it is good to sing praises unto our God; for it is pleasant; and praise is comely."
Aspect7, Psalm 147:7 "Sing unto the LORD with thanksgiving; sing praise upon the harp unto our God:"
Aspect7, Psalm 147:19 "He sheweth his word unto Jacob, his statutes and his judgments unto Israel."
Aspect7, Proverbs 1:5 "A wise man will hear, and will increase learning; and a man of understanding shall attain unto wise counsels:"
Aspect7, Proverbs 1:9 "For they shall be an ornament of grace unto thy head, and chains about thy neck."
Aspect7, Proverbs 1:23 "Turn you at my reproof: behold, I will pour out my spirit unto you, I will make known my words unto you."
Aspect7, Proverbs 1:33 "But whoso hearkeneth unto me shall dwell safely, and shall be quiet from fear of evil."
Aspect7, Proverbs 2:2 "So that thou incline thine ear unto wisdom, and apply thine heart to understanding;"
Aspect7, Proverbs 2:10 "When wisdom entereth into thine heart, and knowledge is pleasant unto thy soul;"
Aspect7, Proverbs 2:18 "For her house inclineth unto death, and her paths unto the dead."
Aspect7, Proverbs 3:5 "Trust in the LORD with all thine heart; and lean not unto thine own understanding."
Aspect7, Proverbs 3:22 "So shall they be life unto thy soul, and grace to thy neck."
Aspect7, Proverbs 3:34 "Surely he scorneth the scorners: but he giveth grace unto the lowly."
Aspect7, Proverbs 4:18 "But the path of the just is as the shining light, that shineth more and more unto the perfect day."
Aspect7, Proverbs 4:22 "For they are life unto those that find them, and health to all their flesh."
Aspect7, Proverbs 5:9 "Lest thou give thine honour unto others, and thy years unto the cruel:"
Aspect7, Proverbs 7:4 "Say unto wisdom, Thou art my sister; and call understanding thy kinswoman:"
Aspect7, Proverbs 11:27 "He that diligently seeketh good procureth favour: but he that seeketh mischief, it shall come unto him."
Aspect7, Proverbs 12:14 "A man shall be satisfied with good by the fruit of his mouth: and the recompence of a man's hands shall be rendered unto him."
Aspect7, Proverbs 14:6 "A scorner seeketh wisdom, and findeth it not: but knowledge is easy unto him that understandeth."
Aspect7, Proverbs 15:10 "Correction is grievous unto him that forsaketh the way: and he that hateth reproof shall die."
Aspect7, Proverbs 15:12 "A scorner loveth not one that reproveth him: neither will he go unto the wise."
Aspect7, Proverbs 18:13 "He that answereth a matter before he heareth it, it is folly and shame unto him."
Aspect7, Proverbs 20:23 "Divers weights are an abomination unto the LORD; and a false balance is not good."
Aspect7, Proverbs 22:17 "Bow down thine ear, and hear the words of the wise, and apply thine heart unto my knowledge."
Aspect7, Proverbs 23:12 "Apply thine heart unto instruction, and thine ears to the words of knowledge."
Aspect7, Proverbs 30:1 "The words of Agur the son of Jakeh, even the prophecy: the man spake unto Ithiel, even unto Ithiel and Ucal,"
Aspect7, Proverbs 30:5 "Every word of God is pure: he is a shield unto them that put their trust in him."
Aspect7, Proverbs 31:3 "Give not thy strength unto women, nor thy ways to that which destroyeth kings."
Aspect7, Proverbs 31:6 "Give strong drink unto him that is ready to perish, and wine unto those that be of heavy hearts."
Aspect7, Proverbs 31:18 "She perceiveth that her merchandise is good: her candle goeth not out by night."
Aspect7, Ecclesiastes 1:6 "The wind goeth toward the south, and turneth about unto the north; it whirleth about continually, and the wind returneth again according to his circuits."
Aspect7, Ecclesiastes 1:7 "All the rivers run into the sea; yet the sea is not full; unto the place from whence the rivers come, thither they return again."
Aspect7, Ecclesiastes 2:3 "I sought in mine heart to give myself unto wine, yet acquainting mine heart with wisdom; and to lay hold on folly, till I might see what was that good for the sons of men, which they should do under the heaven all the days of their life."
Aspect7, Ecclesiastes 2:18 "Yea, I hated all my labour which I had taken under the sun: because I should leave it unto the man that shall be after me."
Aspect7, Ecclesiastes 12:7 "Then shall the dust return to the earth as it was: and the spirit shall return unto God who gave it."
Aspect7, Song of Solomon 1:13 "A bundle of myrrh is my well-beloved unto me; he shall lie all night betwixt my breasts."
Aspect7, Song of Solomon 1:14 "My beloved is unto me as a cluster of camphire in the vineyards of Engedi."
Aspect7, Isaiah 1:9 "Except the LORD of hosts had left unto us a very small remnant, we should have been as Sodom, and we should have been like unto Gomorrah."
Aspect7, Isaiah 1:13 "Bring no more vain oblations; incense is an abomination unto me; the new moons and sabbaths, the calling of assemblies, I cannot away with; it is iniquity, even the solemn meeting."
Aspect7, Isaiah 1:14 "Your new moons and your appointed feasts my soul hateth: they are a trouble unto me; I am weary to bear them."
Aspect7, Isaiah 3:9 "The shew of their countenance doth witness against them; and they declare their sin as Sodom, they hide it not. Woe unto their soul! for they have rewarded evil unto themselves."
Aspect7, Isaiah 3:11 "Woe unto the wicked! it shall be ill with him: for the reward of his hands shall be given him."
Aspect7, Isaiah 5:18 "Woe unto them that draw iniquity with cords of vanity, and sin as it were with a cart rope:"
Aspect7, Isaiah 5:20 "Woe unto them that call evil good, and good evil; that put darkness for light, and light for darkness; that put bitter for sweet, and sweet for bitter!"
Aspect7, Isaiah 5:21 "Woe unto them that are wise in their own eyes, and prudent in their own sight!"
Aspect7, Isaiah 5:22 "Woe unto them that are mighty to drink wine, and men of strength to mingle strong drink:"
Aspect7, Isaiah 8:1 "Moreover the LORD said unto me, Take thee a great roll, and write in it with a man's pen concerning Mahershalalhashbaz."
Aspect7, Isaiah 8:19 "And when they shall say unto you, Seek unto them that have familiar spirits, and unto wizards that peep, and that mutter: should not a people seek unto their God? for the living to the dead?"
Aspect7, Isaiah 8:22 "And they shall look unto the earth; and behold trouble and darkness, dimness of anguish; and they shall be driven to darkness."
Aspect7, Isaiah 9:6 "For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given: and the government shall be upon his shoulder: and his name shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, The mighty God, The everlasting Father, The Prince of Peace."
Aspect7, Isaiah 10:1 "Woe unto them that decree unrighteous decrees, and that write grievousness which they have prescribed;"
Aspect7, Isaiah 10:11 "Shall I not, as I have done unto Samaria and her idols, so do to Jerusalem and her idols?"
Aspect7, Isaiah 15:4 "And Heshbon shall cry, and Elealeh: their voice shall be heard even unto Jahaz: therefore the armed soldiers of Moab shall cry out; his life shall be grievous unto him."
Aspect7, Isaiah 15:5 "My heart shall cry out for Moab; his fugitives shall flee unto Zoar, an heifer of three years old: for by the mounting up of Luhith with weeping shall they go it up; for in the way of Horonaim they shall raise up a cry of destruction."
Aspect7, Isaiah 15:8 "For the cry is gone round about the borders of Moab; the howling thereof unto Eglaim, and the howling thereof unto Beerelim."
Aspect7, Isaiah 21:2 "A grievous vision is declared unto me; the treacherous dealer dealeth treacherously, and the spoiler spoileth. Go up, O Elam: besiege, O Media; all the sighing thereof have I made to cease."
Aspect7, Isaiah 21:4 "My heart panted, fearfulness affrighted me: the night of my pleasure hath he turned into fear unto me."
Aspect7, Isaiah 21:6 "For thus hath the LORD said unto me, Go, set a watchman, let him declare what he seeth."
Aspect7, Isaiah 21:16 "For thus hath the LORD said unto me, Within a year, according to the years of an hireling, and all the glory of Kedar shall fail:"
Aspect7, Isaiah 22:15 "Thus saith the Lord GOD of hosts, Go, get thee unto this treasurer, even unto Shebna, which is over the house, and say,"
Aspect7, Isaiah 29:2 "Yet I will distress Ariel, and there shall be heaviness and sorrow: and it shall be unto me as Ariel."
Aspect7, Isaiah 30:10 "Which say to the seers, See not; and to the prophets, Prophesy not unto us right things, speak unto us smooth things, prophesy deceits:"
Aspect7, Isaiah 31:1 "Woe to them that go down to Egypt for help; and stay on horses, and trust in chariots, because they are many; and in horsemen, because they are very strong; but they look not unto the Holy One of Israel, neither seek the LORD!"
Aspect7, Isaiah 31:7 "For in that day every man shall cast away his idols of silver, and his idols of gold, which your own hands have made unto you for a sin."
Aspect7, Isaiah 35:2 "It shall blossom abundantly, and rejoice even with joy and singing: the glory of Lebanon shall be given unto it, the excellency of Carmel and Sharon, they shall see the glory of the LORD, and the excellency of our God."
Aspect7, Isaiah 36:11 "Then said Eliakim and Shebna and Joah unto Rabshakeh, Speak, I pray thee, unto thy servants in the Syrian language; for we understand it: and speak not to us in the Jews' language, in the ears of the people that are on the wall."
Aspect7, Isaiah 37:6 "And Isaiah said unto them, Thus shall ye say unto your master, Thus saith the LORD, Be not afraid of the words that thou hast heard, wherewith the servants of the king of Assyria have blasphemed me."
Aspect7, Isaiah 37:21 "Then Isaiah the son of Amoz sent unto Hezekiah, saying, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Whereas thou hast prayed to me against Sennacherib king of Assyria:"
Aspect7, Isaiah 38:1 "In those days was Hezekiah sick unto death. And Isaiah the prophet the son of Amoz came unto him, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Set thine house in order: for thou shalt die, and not live."
Aspect7, Isaiah 40:20 "He that is so impoverished that he hath no oblation chooseth a tree that will not rot; he seeketh unto him a cunning workman to prepare a graven image, that shall not be moved."
Aspect7, Isaiah 42:12 "Let them give glory unto the LORD, and declare his praise in the islands."
Aspect7, Isaiah 42:24 "Who gave Jacob for a spoil, and Israel to the robbers? did not the LORD, he against whom we have sinned? for they would not walk in his ways, neither were they obedient unto his law."
Aspect7, Isaiah 44:17 "And the residue thereof he maketh a god, even his graven image: he falleth down unto it, and worshippeth it, and prayeth unto it, and saith, Deliver me; for thou art my god."
Aspect7, Isaiah 44:22 "I have blotted out, as a thick cloud, thy transgressions, and, as a cloud, thy sins: return unto me; for I have redeemed thee."
Aspect7, Isaiah 45:9 "Woe unto him that striveth with his Maker! Let the potsherd strive with the potsherds of the earth. Shall the clay say to him that fashioneth it, What makest thou? or thy work, He hath no hands?"
Aspect7, Isaiah 45:20 "Assemble yourselves and come; draw near together, ye that are escaped of the nations: they have no knowledge that set up the wood of their graven image, and pray unto a god that cannot save."
Aspect7, Isaiah 45:22 "Look unto me, and be ye saved, all the ends of the earth: for I am God, and there is none else."
Aspect7, Isaiah 46:7 "They bear him upon the shoulder, they carry him, and set him in his place, and he standeth; from his place shall he not remove: yea, one shall cry unto him, yet can he not answer, nor save him out of his trouble."
Aspect7, Isaiah 49:3 "And said unto me, Thou art my servant, O Israel, in whom I will be glorified."
Aspect7, Isaiah 51:4 "Hearken unto me, my people; and give ear unto me, O my nation: for a law shall proceed from me, and I will make my judgment to rest for a light of the people."
Aspect7, Isaiah 51:11 "Therefore the redeemed of the LORD shall return, and come with singing unto Zion; and everlasting joy shall be upon their head: they shall obtain gladness and joy; and sorrow and mourning shall flee away."
Aspect7, Isaiah 55:7 "Let the wicked forsake his way, and the unrighteous man his thoughts: and let him return unto the LORD, and he will have mercy upon him; and to our God, for he will abundantly pardon."
Aspect7, Isaiah 59:16 "And he saw that there was no man, and wondered that there was no intercessor: therefore his arm brought salvation unto him; and his righteousness, it sustained him."
Aspect7, Isaiah 61:3 "To appoint unto them that mourn in Zion, to give unto them beauty for ashes, the oil of joy for mourning, the garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness; that they might be called trees of righteousness, the planting of the LORD, that he might be glorified."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 2:31 "O generation, see ye the word of the LORD. Have I been a wilderness unto Israel? a land of darkness? wherefore say my people, We are lords; we will come no more unto thee?"
Aspect7, Jeremiah 3:1 "They say, If a man put away his wife, and she go from him, and become another man's, shall he return unto her again? shall not that land be greatly polluted? but thou hast played the harlot with many lovers; yet return again to me, saith the LORD."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 3:10 "And yet for all this her treacherous sister Judah hath not turned unto me with her whole heart, but feignedly, saith the LORD."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 5:5 "I will get me unto the great men, and will speak unto them; for they have known the way of the LORD, and the judgment of their God: but these have altogether broken the yoke, and burst the bonds."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 5:13 "And the prophets shall become wind, and the word is not in them: thus shall it be done unto them."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 6:4 "Prepare ye war against her; arise, and let us go up at noon. Woe unto us! for the day goeth away, for the shadows of the evening are stretched out."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 6:12 "And their houses shall be turned unto others, with their fields and wives together: for I will stretch out my hand upon the inhabitants of the land, saith the LORD."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 6:13 "For from the least of them even unto the greatest of them every one is given to covetousness; and from the prophet even unto the priest every one dealeth falsely."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 7:14 "Therefore will I do unto this house, which is called by my name, wherein ye trust, and unto the place which I gave to you and to your fathers, as I have done to Shiloh."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 7:25 "Since the day that your fathers came forth out of the land of Egypt unto this day I have even sent unto you all my servants the prophets, daily rising up early and sending them:"
Aspect7, Jeremiah 7:26 "Yet they hearkened not unto me, nor inclined their ear, but hardened their neck: they did worse than their fathers."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 8:4 "Moreover thou shalt say unto them, Thus saith the LORD; Shall they fall, and not arise? shall he turn away, and not return?"
Aspect7, Jeremiah 8:10 "Therefore will I give their wives unto others, and their fields to them that shall inherit them: for every one from the least even unto the greatest is given to covetousness, from the prophet even unto the priest every one dealeth falsely."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 10:11 "Thus shall ye say unto them, The gods that have not made the heavens and the earth, even they shall perish from the earth, and from under these heavens."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 11:3 "And say thou unto them, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel; Cursed be the man that obeyeth not the words of this covenant,"
Aspect7, Jeremiah 11:11 "Therefore thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will bring evil upon them, which they shall not be able to escape; and though they shall cry unto me, I will not hearken unto them."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 12:8 "Mine heritage is unto me as a lion in the forest; it crieth out against me: therefore have I hated it."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 12:11 "They have made it desolate, and being desolate it mourneth unto me; the whole land is made desolate, because no man layeth it to heart."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 14:14 "Then the LORD said unto me, The prophets prophesy lies in my name: I sent them not, neither have I commanded them, neither spake unto them: they prophesy unto you a false vision and divination, and a thing of nought, and the deceit of their heart."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 17:17 "Be not a terror unto me: thou art my hope in the day of evil."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 19:13 "And the houses of Jerusalem, and the houses of the kings of Judah, shall be defiled as the place of Tophet, because of all the houses upon whose roofs they have burned incense unto all the host of heaven, and have poured out drink offerings unto other gods."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 21:3 "Then said Jeremiah unto them, Thus shall ye say to Zedekiah:"
Aspect7, Jeremiah 22:6 "For thus saith the LORD unto the king's house of Judah; Thou art Gilead unto me, and the head of Lebanon: yet surely I will make thee a wilderness, and cities which are not inhabited."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 23:17 "They say still unto them that despise me, The LORD hath said, Ye shall have peace; and they say unto every one that walketh after the imagination of his own heart, No evil shall come upon you."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 25:3 "From the thirteenth year of Josiah the son of Amon king of Judah, even unto this day, that is the three and twentieth year, the word of the LORD hath come unto me, and I have spoken unto you, rising early and speaking; but ye have not hearkened."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 25:15 "For thus saith the LORD God of Israel unto me; Take the wine cup of this fury at my hand, and cause all the nations, to whom I send thee, to drink it."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 25:27 "Therefore thou shalt say unto them, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Drink ye, and be drunken, and spue, and fall, and rise no more, because of the sword which I will send among you."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 26:14 "As for me, behold, I am in your hand: do with me as seemeth good and meet unto you."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 27:4 "And command them to say unto their masters, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Thus shall ye say unto your masters;"
Aspect7, Jeremiah 27:5 "I have made the earth, the man and the beast that are upon the ground, by my great power and by my outstretched arm, and have given it unto whom it seemed meet unto me."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 27:10 "For they prophesy a lie unto you, to remove you far from your land; and that I should drive you out, and ye should perish."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 27:14 "Therefore hearken not unto the words of the prophets that speak unto you, saying, Ye shall not serve the king of Babylon: for they prophesy a lie unto you."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 29:4 "Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, unto all that are carried away captives, whom I have caused to be carried away from Jerusalem unto Babylon;"
Aspect7, Jeremiah 29:31 "Send to all them of the captivity, saying, Thus saith the LORD concerning Shemaiah the Nehelamite; Because that Shemaiah hath prophesied unto you, and I sent him not, and he caused you to trust in a lie:"
Aspect7, Jeremiah 30:21 "And their nobles shall be of themselves, and their governor shall proceed from the midst of them; and I will cause him to draw near, and he shall approach unto me: for who is this that engaged his heart to approach unto me? saith the LORD."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 31:26 "Upon this I awaked, and beheld; and my sleep was sweet unto me."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 31:40 "And the whole valley of the dead bodies, and of the ashes, and all the fields unto the brook of Kidron, unto the corner of the horse gate toward the east, shall be holy unto the LORD; it shall not be plucked up, nor thrown down any more for ever."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 32:16 "Now when I had delivered the evidence of the purchase unto Baruch the son of Neriah, I prayed unto the LORD, saying,"
Aspect7, Jeremiah 33:6 "Behold, I will bring it health and cure, and I will cure them, and will reveal unto them the abundance of peace and truth."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 33:9 "And it shall be to me a name of joy, a praise and an honour before all the nations of the earth, which shall hear all the good that I do unto them: and they shall fear and tremble for all the goodness and for all the prosperity that I procure unto it."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 34:6 "Then Jeremiah the prophet spake all these words unto Zedekiah king of Judah in Jerusalem,"
Aspect7, Jeremiah 34:16 "But ye turned and polluted my name, and caused every man his servant, and every man his handmaid, whom he had set at liberty at their pleasure, to return, and brought them into subjection, to be unto you for servants and for handmaids."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 35:2 "Go unto the house of the Rechabites, and speak unto them, and bring them into the house of the LORD, into one of the chambers, and give them wine to drink."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 35:14 "The words of Jonadab the son of Rechab, that he commanded his sons not to drink wine, are performed; for unto this day they drink none, but obey their father's commandment: notwithstanding I have spoken unto you, rising early and speaking; but ye hearkened not unto me."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 35:18 "And Jeremiah said unto the house of the Rechabites, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Because ye have obeyed the commandment of Jonadab your father, and kept all his precepts, and done according unto all that he hath commanded you:"
Aspect7, Jeremiah 36:13 "Then Michaiah declared unto them all the words that he had heard, when Baruch read the book in the ears of the people."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 36:18 "Then Baruch answered them, He pronounced all these words unto me with his mouth, and I wrote them with ink in the book."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 37:7 "Thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel; Thus shall ye say to the king of Judah, that sent you unto me to enquire of me; Behold, Pharaoh's army, which is come forth to help you, shall return to Egypt into their own land."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 38:12 "And Ebedmelech the Ethiopian said unto Jeremiah, Put now these old cast clouts and rotten rags under thine armholes under the cords. And Jeremiah did so."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 38:15 "Then Jeremiah said unto Zedekiah, If I declare it unto thee, wilt thou not surely put me to death? and if I give thee counsel, wilt thou not hearken unto me?"
Aspect7, Jeremiah 39:12 "Take him, and look well to him, and do him no harm; but do unto him even as he shall say unto thee."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 41:14 "So all the people that Ishmael had carried away captive from Mizpah cast about and returned, and went unto Johanan the son of Kareah."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 42:2 "And said unto Jeremiah the prophet, Let, we beseech thee, our supplication be accepted before thee, and pray for us unto the LORD thy God, even for all this remnant; (for we are left but a few of many, as thine eyes do behold us:)"
Aspect7, Jeremiah 42:9 "And said unto them, Thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel, unto whom ye sent me to present your supplication before him;"
Aspect7, Jeremiah 42:10 "If ye will still abide in this land, then will I build you, and not pull you down, and I will plant you, and not pluck you up: for I repent me of the evil that I have done unto you."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 42:12 "And I will shew mercies unto you, that he may have mercy upon you, and cause you to return to your own land."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 43:10 "And say unto them, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will send and take Nebuchadrezzar the king of Babylon, my servant, and will set his throne upon these stones that I have hid; and he shall spread his royal pavilion over them."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 44:16 "As for the word that thou hast spoken unto us in the name of the LORD, we will not hearken unto thee."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 44:17 "But we will certainly do whatsoever thing goeth forth out of our own mouth, to burn incense unto the queen of heaven, and to pour out drink offerings unto her, as we have done, we, and our fathers, our kings, and our princes, in the cities of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem: for then had we plenty of victuals, and were well, and saw no evil."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 44:19 "And when we burned incense to the queen of heaven, and poured out drink offerings unto her, did we make her cakes to worship her, and pour out drink offerings unto her, without our men?"
Aspect7, Jeremiah 45:2 "Thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel, unto thee, O Baruch:"
Aspect7, Jeremiah 45:4 "Thus shalt thou say unto him, The LORD saith thus; Behold, that which I have built will I break down, and that which I have planted I will pluck up, even this whole land."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 51:9 "We would have healed Babylon, but she is not healed: forsake her, and let us go every one into his own country: for her judgment reacheth unto heaven, and is lifted up even to the skies."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 52:5 "So the city was besieged unto the eleventh year of king Zedekiah."
Aspect7, Jeremiah 52:32 "And spake kindly unto him, and set his throne above the throne of the kings that were with him in Babylon,"
Aspect7, Lamentations 1:12 "Is it nothing to you, all ye that pass by? behold, and see if there be any sorrow like unto my sorrow, which is done unto me, wherewith the LORD hath afflicted me in the day of his fierce anger."
Aspect7, Lamentations 1:22 "Let all their wickedness come before thee; and do unto them, as thou hast done unto me for all my transgressions: for my sighs are many, and my heart is faint."
Aspect7, Lamentations 3:10 "He was unto me as a bear lying in wait, and as a lion in secret places."
Aspect7, Lamentations 3:25 "The LORD is good unto them that wait for him, to the soul that seeketh him."
Aspect7, Lamentations 3:41 "Let us lift up our heart with our hands unto God in the heavens."
Aspect7, Lamentations 3:65 "Give them sorrow of heart, thy curse unto them."
Aspect7, Lamentations 5:4 "We have drunken our water for money; our wood is sold unto us."
Aspect7, Lamentations 5:16 "The crown is fallen from our head: woe unto us, that we have sinned!"
Aspect7, Ezekiel 2:1 "And he said unto me, Son of man, stand upon thy feet, and I will speak unto thee."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 2:2 "And the spirit entered into me when he spake unto me, and set me upon my feet, that I heard him that spake unto me."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 2:4 "For they are impudent children and stiffhearted. I do send thee unto them; and thou shalt say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 3:1 "Moreover he said unto me, Son of man, eat that thou findest; eat this roll, and go speak unto the house of Israel."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 3:3 "And he said unto me, Son of man, cause thy belly to eat, and fill thy bowels with this roll that I give thee. Then did I eat it; and it was in my mouth as honey for sweetness."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 3:4 "And he said unto me, Son of man, go, get thee unto the house of Israel, and speak with my words unto them."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 3:10 "Moreover he said unto me, Son of man, all my words that I shall speak unto thee receive in thine heart, and hear with thine ears."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 3:11 "And go, get thee to them of the captivity, unto the children of thy people, and speak unto them, and tell them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; whether they will hear, or whether they will forbear."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 3:24 "Then the spirit entered into me, and set me upon my feet, and spake with me, and said unto me, Go, shut thyself within thine house."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 10:13 "As for the wheels, it was cried unto them in my hearing, O wheel."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 12:11 "Say, I am your sign: like as I have done, so shall it be done unto them: they shall remove and go into captivity."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 12:23 "Tell them therefore, Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will make this proverb to cease, and they shall no more use it as a proverb in Israel; but say unto them, The days are at hand, and the effect of every vision."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 13:11 "Say unto them which daub it with untempered morter, that it shall fall: there shall be an overflowing shower; and ye, O great hailstones, shall fall; and a stormy wind shall rend it."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 13:15 "Thus will I accomplish my wrath upon the wall, and upon them that have daubed it with untempered morter, and will say unto you, The wall is no more, neither they that daubed it;"
Aspect7, Ezekiel 14:1 "Then came certain of the elders of Israel unto me, and sat before me."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 14:4 "Therefore speak unto them, and say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Every man of the house of Israel that setteth up his idols in his heart, and putteth the stumblingblock of his iniquity before his face, and cometh to the prophet; I the LORD will answer him that cometh according to the multitude of his idols;"
Aspect7, Ezekiel 14:10 "And they shall bear the punishment of their iniquity: the punishment of the prophet shall be even as the punishment of him that seeketh unto him;"
Aspect7, Ezekiel 20:5 "And say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; In the day when I chose Israel, and lifted up mine hand unto the seed of the house of Jacob, and made myself known unto them in the land of Egypt, when I lifted up mine hand unto them, saying, I am the LORD your God;"
Aspect7, Ezekiel 20:15 "Yet also I lifted up my hand unto them in the wilderness, that I would not bring them into the land which I had given them, flowing with milk and honey, which is the glory of all lands;"
Aspect7, Ezekiel 20:27 "Therefore, son of man, speak unto the house of Israel, and say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Yet in this your fathers have blasphemed me, in that they have committed a trespass against me."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 23:16 "And as soon as she saw them with her eyes, she doted upon them, and sent messengers unto them into Chaldea."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 23:36 "The LORD said moreover unto me; Son of man, wilt thou judge Aholah and Aholibah? yea, declare unto them their abominations;"
Aspect7, Ezekiel 23:38 "Moreover this they have done unto me: they have defiled my sanctuary in the same day, and have profaned my sabbaths."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 23:44 "Yet they went in unto her, as they go in unto a woman that playeth the harlot: so went they in unto Aholah and unto Aholibah, the lewd women."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 24:24 "Thus Ezekiel is unto you a sign: according to all that he hath done shall ye do: and when this cometh, ye shall know that I am the Lord GOD."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 31:2 "Son of man, speak unto Pharaoh king of Egypt, and to his multitude; Whom art thou like in thy greatness?"
Aspect7, Ezekiel 32:18 "Son of man, wail for the multitude of Egypt, and cast them down, even her, and the daughters of the famous nations, unto the nether parts of the earth, with them that go down into the pit."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 34:2 "Son of man, prophesy against the shepherds of Israel, prophesy, and say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD unto the shepherds; Woe be to the shepherds of Israel that do feed themselves! should not the shepherds feed the flocks?"
Aspect7, Ezekiel 36:6 "Prophesy therefore concerning the land of Israel, and say unto the mountains, and to the hills, to the rivers, and to the valleys, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I have spoken in my jealousy and in my fury, because ye have borne the shame of the heathen:"
Aspect7, Ezekiel 36:9 "For, behold, I am for you, and I will turn unto you, and ye shall be tilled and sown:"
Aspect7, Ezekiel 36:13 "Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because they say unto you, Thou land devourest up men, and hast bereaved thy nations:"
Aspect7, Ezekiel 37:9 "Then said he unto me, Prophesy unto the wind, prophesy, son of man, and say to the wind, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Come from the four winds, O breath, and breathe upon these slain, that they may live."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 37:12 "Therefore prophesy and say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, O my people, I will open your graves, and cause you to come up out of your graves, and bring you into the land of Israel."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 37:21 "And say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will take the children of Israel from among the heathen, whither they be gone, and will gather them on every side, and bring them into their own land:"
Aspect7, Ezekiel 39:17 "And, thou son of man, thus saith the Lord GOD; Speak unto every feathered fowl, and to every beast of the field, Assemble yourselves, and come; gather yourselves on every side to my sacrifice that I do sacrifice for you, even a great sacrifice upon the mountains of Israel, that ye may eat flesh, and drink blood."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 39:24 "According to their uncleanness and according to their transgressions have I done unto them, and hid my face from them."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 40:4 "And the man said unto me, Son of man, behold with thine eyes, and hear with thine ears, and set thine heart upon all that I shall shew thee; for to the intent that I might shew them unto thee art thou brought hither: declare all that thou seest to the house of Israel."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 40:45 "And he said unto me, This chamber, whose prospect is toward the south, is for the priests, the keepers of the charge of the house."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 41:17 "To that above the door, even unto the inner house, and without, and by all the wall round about within and without, by measure."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 41:20 "From the ground unto above the door were cherubims and palm trees made, and on the wall of the temple."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 44:26 "And after he is cleansed, they shall reckon unto him seven days."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 46:4 "And the burnt offering that the prince shall offer unto the LORD in the sabbath day shall be six lambs without blemish, and a ram without blemish."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 47:21 "So shall ye divide this land unto you according to the tribes of Israel."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 48:2 "And by the border of Dan, from the east side unto the west side, a portion for Asher."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 48:3 "And by the border of Asher, from the east side even unto the west side, a portion for Naphtali."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 48:4 "And by the border of Naphtali, from the east side unto the west side, a portion for Manasseh."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 48:5 "And by the border of Manasseh, from the east side unto the west side, a portion for Ephraim."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 48:7 "And by the border of Reuben, from the east side unto the west side, a portion for Judah."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 48:12 "And this oblation of the land that is offered shall be unto them a thing most holy by the border of the Levites."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 48:25 "And by the border of Simeon, from the east side unto the west side, Issachar a portion."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 48:26 "And by the border of Issachar, from the east side unto the west side, Zebulun a portion."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 48:27 "And by the border of Zebulun, from the east side unto the west side, Gad a portion."
Aspect7, Ezekiel 48:28 "And by the border of Gad, at the south side southward, the border shall be even from Tamar unto the waters of strife in Kadesh, and to the river toward the great sea."
Aspect7, Daniel 1:7 "Unto whom the prince of the eunuchs gave names: for he gave unto Daniel the name of Belteshazzar; and to Hananiah, of Shadrach; and to Mishael, of Meshach; and to Azariah, of Abednego."
Aspect7, Daniel 1:10 "And the prince of the eunuchs said unto Daniel, I fear my lord the king, who hath appointed your meat and your drink: for why should he see your faces worse liking than the children which are of your sort? then shall ye make me endanger my head to the king."
Aspect7, Daniel 2:3 "And the king said unto them, I have dreamed a dream, and my spirit was troubled to know the dream."
Aspect7, Daniel 2:19 "Then was the secret revealed unto Daniel in a night vision. Then Daniel blessed the God of heaven."
Aspect7, Daniel 2:21 "And he changeth the times and the seasons: he removeth kings, and setteth up kings: he giveth wisdom unto the wise, and knowledge to them that know understanding:"
Aspect7, Daniel 2:24 "Therefore Daniel went in unto Arioch, whom the king had ordained to destroy the wise men of Babylon: he went and said thus unto him; Destroy not the wise men of Babylon: bring me in before the king, and I will shew unto the king the interpretation."
Aspect7, Daniel 4:1 "Nebuchadnezzar the king, unto all people, nations, and languages, that dwell in all the earth; Peace be multiplied unto you."
Aspect7, Daniel 4:6 "Therefore made I a decree to bring in all the wise men of Babylon before me, that they might make known unto me the interpretation of the dream."
Aspect7, Daniel 4:16 "Let his heart be changed from man's, and let a beast's heart be given unto him; and let seven times pass over him."
Aspect7, Daniel 4:36 "At the same time my reason returned unto me; and for the glory of my kingdom, mine honour and brightness returned unto me; and my counsellors and my lords sought unto me; and I was established in my kingdom, and excellent majesty was added unto me."
Aspect7, Daniel 6:15 "Then these men assembled unto the king, and said unto the king, Know, O king, that the law of the Medes and Persians is, That no decree nor statute which the king establisheth may be changed."
Aspect7, Daniel 6:25 "Then king Darius wrote unto all people, nations, and languages, that dwell in all the earth; Peace be multiplied unto you."
Aspect7, Daniel 7:26 "But the judgment shall sit, and they shall take away his dominion, to consume and to destroy it unto the end."
Aspect7, Daniel 8:1 "In the third year of the reign of king Belshazzar a vision appeared unto me, even unto me Daniel, after that which appeared unto me at the first."
Aspect7, Daniel 8:14 "And he said unto me, Unto two thousand and three hundred days; then shall the sanctuary be cleansed."
Aspect7, Daniel 9:7 "O LORD, righteousness belongeth unto thee, but unto us confusion of faces, as at this day; to the men of Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and unto all Israel, that are near, and that are far off, through all the countries whither thou hast driven them, because of their trespass that they have trespassed against thee."
Aspect7, Daniel 10:11 "And he said unto me, O Daniel, a man greatly beloved, understand the words that I speak unto thee, and stand upright: for unto thee am I now sent. And when he had spoken this word unto me, I stood trembling."
Aspect7, Hosea 2:1 "Say ye unto your brethren, Ammi; and to your sisters, Ruhamah."
Aspect7, Hosea 2:14 "Therefore, behold, I will allure her, and bring her into the wilderness, and speak comfortably unto her."
Aspect7, Hosea 4:12 "My people ask counsel at their stocks, and their staff declareth unto them: for the spirit of whoredoms hath caused them to err, and they have gone a whoring from under their God."
Aspect7, Hosea 4:15 "Though thou, Israel, play the harlot, yet let not Judah offend; and come not ye unto Gilgal, neither go ye up to Bethaven, nor swear, The LORD liveth."
Aspect7, Hosea 5:12 "Therefore will I be unto Ephraim as a moth, and to the house of Judah as rottenness."
Aspect7, Hosea 5:14 "For I will be unto Ephraim as a lion, and as a young lion to the house of Judah: I, even I, will tear and go away; I will take away, and none shall rescue him."
Aspect7, Hosea 7:7 "They are all hot as an oven, and have devoured their judges; all their kings are fallen: there is none among them that calleth unto me."
Aspect7, Hosea 7:13 "Woe unto them! for they have fled from me: destruction unto them! because they have transgressed against me: though I have redeemed them, yet they have spoken lies against me."
Aspect7, Hosea 7:14 "And they have not cried unto me with their heart, when they howled upon their beds: they assemble themselves for corn and wine, and they rebel against me."
Aspect7, Hosea 8:11 "Because Ephraim hath made many altars to sin, altars shall be unto him to sin."
Aspect7, Hosea 9:17 "My God will cast them away, because they did not hearken unto him: and they shall be wanderers among the nations."
Aspect7, Hosea 10:1 "Israel is an empty vine, he bringeth forth fruit unto himself: according to the multitude of his fruit he hath increased the altars; according to the goodness of his land they have made goodly images."
Aspect7, Hosea 10:15 "So shall Bethel do unto you because of your great wickedness: in a morning shall the king of Israel utterly be cut off."
Aspect7, Hosea 12:4 "Yea, he had power over the angel, and prevailed: he wept, and made supplication unto him: he found him in Bethel, and there he spake with us;"
Aspect7, Hosea 12:14 "Ephraim provoked him to anger most bitterly: therefore shall he leave his blood upon him, and his reproach shall his LORD return unto him."
Aspect7, Hosea 13:7 "Therefore I will be unto them as a lion: as a leopard by the way will I observe them:"
Aspect7, Hosea 14:1 "O israel, return unto the LORD thy God; for thou hast fallen by thine iniquity."
Aspect7, Joel 2:14 "Who knoweth if he will return and repent, and leave a blessing behind him; even a meat offering and a drink offering unto the LORD your God?"
Aspect7, Amos 4:8 "So two or three cities wandered unto one city, to drink water; but they were not satisfied: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD."
Aspect7, Amos 4:10 "I have sent among you the pestilence after the manner of Egypt: your young men have I slain with the sword, and have taken away your horses; and I have made the stink of your camps to come up unto your nostrils: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD."
Aspect7, Amos 5:15 "Hate the evil, and love the good, and establish judgment in the gate: it may be that the LORD God of hosts will be gracious unto the remnant of Joseph."
Aspect7, Amos 5:25 "Have ye offered unto me sacrifices and offerings in the wilderness forty years, O house of Israel?"
Aspect7, Amos 7:1 "Thus hath the Lord GOD shewed unto me; and, behold, he formed grasshoppers in the beginning of the shooting up of the latter growth; and, lo, it was the latter growth after the king's mowings."
Aspect7, Amos 8:1 "Thus hath the Lord GOD shewed unto me: and behold a basket of summer fruit."
Aspect7, Jonah 1:6 "So the shipmaster came to him, and said unto him, What meanest thou, O sleeper? arise, call upon thy God, if so be that God will think upon us, that we perish not."
Aspect7, Jonah 1:11 "Then said they unto him, What shall we do unto thee, that the sea may be calm unto us? for the sea wrought, and was tempestuous."
Aspect7, Jonah 3:2 "Arise, go unto Nineveh, that great city, and preach unto it the preaching that I bid thee."
Aspect7, Jonah 3:10 "And God saw their works, that they turned from their evil way; and God repented of the evil, that he had said that he would do unto them; and he did it not."
Aspect7, Micah 1:15 "Yet will I bring an heir unto thee, O inhabitant of Mareshah: he shall come unto Adullam the glory of Israel."
Aspect7, Micah 7:15 "According to the days of thy coming out of the land of Egypt will I shew unto him marvellous things."
Aspect7, Habakkuk 1:11 "Then shall his mind change, and he shall pass over, and offend, imputing this his power unto his god."
Aspect7, Habakkuk 1:16 "Therefore they sacrifice unto their net, and burn incense unto their drag; because by them their portion is fat, and their meat plenteous."
Aspect7, Habakkuk 2:19 "Woe unto him that saith to the wood, Awake; to the dumb stone, Arise, it shall teach! Behold, it is laid over with gold and silver, and there is no breath at all in the midst of it."
Aspect7, Zechariah 2:8 "For thus saith the LORD of hosts; After the glory hath he sent me unto the nations which spoiled you: for he that toucheth you toucheth the apple of his eye."
Aspect7, Zechariah 6:8 "Then cried he upon me, and spake unto me, saying, Behold, these that go toward the north country have quieted my spirit in the north country."
Aspect7, Zechariah 7:5 "Speak unto all the people of the land, and to the priests, saying, When ye fasted and mourned in the fifth and seventh month, even those seventy years, did ye at all fast unto me, even to me?"
Aspect7, Zechariah 8:15 "So again have I thought in these days to do well unto Jerusalem and to the house of Judah: fear ye not."
Aspect7, Zechariah 9:9 "Rejoice greatly, O daughter of Zion; shout, O daughter of Jerusalem: behold, thy King cometh unto thee: he is just, and having salvation; lowly, and riding upon an ass, and upon a colt the foal of an ass."
Aspect7, Zechariah 11:12 "And I said unto them, If ye think good, give me my price; and if not, forbear. So they weighed for my price thirty pieces of silver."
Aspect7, Zechariah 11:15 "And the LORD said unto me, Take unto thee yet the instruments of a foolish shepherd."
Aspect7, Zechariah 13:6 "And one shall say unto him, What are these wounds in thine hands? Then he shall answer, Those with which I was wounded in the house of my friends."
Aspect7, Zechariah 14:10 "All the land shall be turned as a plain from Geba to Rimmon south of Jerusalem: and it shall be lifted up, and inhabited in her place, from Benjamin's gate unto the place of the first gate, unto the corner gate, and from the tower of Hananeel unto the king's winepresses."
Aspect7, Malachi 1:11 "For from the rising of the sun even unto the going down of the same my name shall be great among the Gentiles; and in every place incense shall be offered unto my name, and a pure offering: for my name shall be great among the heathen, saith the LORD of hosts."
Aspect7, Malachi 3:7 "Even from the days of your fathers ye are gone away from mine ordinances, and have not kept them. Return unto me, and I will return unto you, saith the LORD of hosts. But ye said, Wherein shall we return?"
Aspect7, Malachi 4:2 "But unto you that fear my name shall the Sun of righteousness arise with healing in his wings; and ye shall go forth, and grow up as calves of the stall."
Aspect7, Malachi 4:4 "Remember ye the law of Moses my servant, which I commanded unto him in Horeb for all Israel, with the statutes and judgments."
Aspect7, Matthew 1:20 "But while he thought on these things, behold, the angel of the LORD appeared unto him in a dream, saying, Joseph, thou son of David, fear not to take unto thee Mary thy wife: for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost."
Aspect7, Matthew 2:5 "And they said unto him, In Bethlehem of Judaea: for thus it is written by the prophet,"
Aspect7, Matthew 3:9 "And think not to say within yourselves, We have Abraham to our father: for I say unto you, that God is able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham."
Aspect7, Matthew 3:13 "Then cometh Jesus from Galilee to Jordan unto John, to be baptized of him."
Aspect7, Matthew 3:15 "And Jesus answering said unto him, Suffer it to be so now: for thus it becometh us to fulfil all righteousness. Then he suffered him."
Aspect7, Matthew 4:19 "And he saith unto them, Follow me, and I will make you fishers of men."
Aspect7, Matthew 5:1 "And seeing the multitudes, he went up into a mountain: and when he was set, his disciples came unto him:"
Aspect7, Matthew 5:15 "Neither do men light a candle, and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick; and it giveth light unto all that are in the house."
Aspect7, Matthew 5:20 "For I say unto you, That except your righteousness shall exceed the righteousness of the scribes and Pharisees, ye shall in no case enter into the kingdom of heaven."
Aspect7, Matthew 5:28 "But I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart."
Aspect7, Matthew 5:32 "But I say unto you, That whosoever shall put away his wife, saving for the cause of fornication, causeth her to commit adultery: and whosoever shall marry her that is divorced committeth adultery."
Aspect7, Matthew 5:34 "But I say unto you, Swear not at all; neither by heaven; for it is God's throne:"
Aspect7, Matthew 5:39 "But I say unto you, That ye resist not evil: but whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also."
Aspect7, Matthew 5:44 "But I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you;"
Aspect7, Matthew 6:16 "Moreover when ye fast, be not, as the hypocrites, of a sad countenance: for they disfigure their faces, that they may appear unto men to fast. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward."
Aspect7, Matthew 6:27 "Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature?"
Aspect7, Matthew 6:29 "And yet I say unto you, That even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these."
Aspect7, Matthew 7:7 "Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you:"
Aspect7, Matthew 7:23 "And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you: depart from me, ye that work iniquity."
Aspect7, Matthew 8:4 "And Jesus saith unto him, See thou tell no man; but go thy way, shew thyself to the priest, and offer the gift that Moses commanded, for a testimony unto them."
Aspect7, Matthew 8:5 "And when Jesus was entered into Capernaum, there came unto him a centurion, beseeching him,"
Aspect7, Matthew 8:18 "Now when Jesus saw great multitudes about him, he gave commandment to depart unto the other side."
Aspect7, Matthew 8:20 "And Jesus saith unto him, The foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests; but the Son of man hath not where to lay his head."
Aspect7, Matthew 9:6 "But that ye may know that the Son of man hath power on earth to forgive sins, (then saith he to the sick of the palsy,) Arise, take up thy bed, and go unto thine house."
Aspect7, Matthew 9:8 "But when the multitudes saw it, they marvelled, and glorified God, which had given such power unto men."
Aspect7, Matthew 9:37 "Then saith he unto his disciples, The harvest truly is plenteous, but the labourers are few;"
Aspect7, Matthew 10:15 "Verily I say unto you, It shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom and Gomorrha in the day of judgment, than for that city."
Aspect7, Matthew 10:42 "And whosoever shall give to drink unto one of these little ones a cup of cold water only in the name of a disciple, verily I say unto you, he shall in no wise lose his reward."
Aspect7, Matthew 11:16 "But whereunto shall I liken this generation? It is like unto children sitting in the markets, and calling unto their fellows,"
Aspect7, Matthew 11:21 "Woe unto thee, Chorazin! woe unto thee, Bethsaida! for if the mighty works, which were done in you, had been done in Tyre and Sidon, they would have repented long ago in sackcloth and ashes."
Aspect7, Matthew 11:29 "Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls."
Aspect7, Matthew 12:6 "But I say unto you, That in this place is one greater than the temple."
Aspect7, Matthew 12:11 "And he said unto them, What man shall there be among you, that shall have one sheep, and if it fall into a pit on the sabbath day, will he not lay hold on it, and lift it out?"
Aspect7, Matthew 12:20 "A bruised reed shall he not break, and smoking flax shall he not quench, till he send forth judgment unto victory."
Aspect7, Matthew 12:28 "But if I cast out devils by the Spirit of God, then the kingdom of God is come unto you."
Aspect7, Matthew 12:31 "Wherefore I say unto you, All manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men: but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven unto men."
Aspect7, Matthew 12:36 "But I say unto you, That every idle word that men shall speak, they shall give account thereof in the day of judgment."
Aspect7, Matthew 13:10 "And the disciples came, and said unto him, Why speakest thou unto them in parables?"
Aspect7, Matthew 13:11 "He answered and said unto them, Because it is given unto you to know the mysteries of the kingdom of heaven, but to them it is not given."
Aspect7, Matthew 13:24 "Another parable put he forth unto them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is likened unto a man which sowed good seed in his field:"
Aspect7, Matthew 13:27 "So the servants of the householder came and said unto him, Sir, didst not thou sow good seed in thy field? from whence then hath it tares?"
Aspect7, Matthew 13:33 "Another parable spake he unto them; The kingdom of heaven is like unto leaven, which a woman took, and hid in three measures of meal, till the whole was leavened."
Aspect7, Matthew 13:34 "All these things spake Jesus unto the multitude in parables; and without a parable spake he not unto them:"
Aspect7, Matthew 13:37 "He answered and said unto them, He that soweth the good seed is the Son of man;"
Aspect7, Matthew 13:51 "Jesus saith unto them, Have ye understood all these things? They say unto him, Yea, Lord."
Aspect7, Matthew 13:52 "Then said he unto them, Therefore every scribe which is instructed unto the kingdom of heaven is like unto a man that is an householder, which bringeth forth out of his treasure things new and old."
Aspect7, Matthew 14:17 "And they say unto him, We have here but five loaves, and two fishes."
Aspect7, Matthew 14:22 "And straightway Jesus constrained his disciples to get into a ship, and to go before him unto the other side, while he sent the multitudes away."
Aspect7, Matthew 14:27 "But straightway Jesus spake unto them, saying, Be of good cheer; it is I; be not afraid."
Aspect7, Matthew 14:35 "And when the men of that place had knowledge of him, they sent out into all that country round about, and brought unto him all that were diseased;"
Aspect7, Matthew 15:8 "This people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and honoureth me with their lips; but their heart is far from me."
Aspect7, Matthew 15:15 "Then answered Peter and said unto him, Declare unto us this parable."
Aspect7, Matthew 15:28 "Then Jesus answered and said unto her, O woman, great is thy faith: be it unto thee even as thou wilt. And her daughter was made whole from that very hour."
Aspect7, Matthew 15:33 "And his disciples say unto him, Whence should we have so much bread in the wilderness, as to fill so great a multitude?"
Aspect7, Matthew 16:15 "He saith unto them, But whom say ye that I am?"
Aspect7, Matthew 16:17 "And Jesus answered and said unto him, Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona: for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven."
Aspect7, Matthew 16:21 "From that time forth began Jesus to shew unto his disciples, how that he must go unto Jerusalem, and suffer many things of the elders and chief priests and scribes, and be killed, and be raised again the third day."
Aspect7, Matthew 17:3 "And, behold, there appeared unto them Moses and Elias talking with him."
Aspect7, Matthew 17:12 "But I say unto you, That Elias is come already, and they knew him not, but have done unto him whatsoever they listed. Likewise shall also the Son of man suffer of them."
Aspect7, Matthew 17:13 "Then the disciples understood that he spake unto them of John the Baptist."
Aspect7, Matthew 17:20 "And Jesus said unto them, Because of your unbelief: for verily I say unto you, If ye have faith as a grain of mustard seed, ye shall say unto this mountain, Remove hence to yonder place; and it shall remove; and nothing shall be impossible unto you."
Aspect7, Matthew 17:26 "Peter saith unto him, Of strangers. Jesus saith unto him, Then are the children free."
Aspect7, Matthew 18:7 "Woe unto the world because of offences! for it must needs be that offences come; but woe to that man by whom the offence cometh!"
Aspect7, Matthew 18:17 "And if he shall neglect to hear them, tell it unto the church: but if he neglect to hear the church, let him be unto thee as an heathen man and a publican."
Aspect7, Matthew 18:22 "Jesus saith unto him, I say not unto thee, Until seven times: but, Until seventy times seven."
Aspect7, Matthew 18:23 "Therefore is the kingdom of heaven likened unto a certain king, which would take account of his servants."
Aspect7, Matthew 19:3 "The Pharisees also came unto him, tempting him, and saying unto him, Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife for every cause?"
Aspect7, Matthew 19:7 "They say unto him, Why did Moses then command to give a writing of divorcement, and to put her away?"
Aspect7, Matthew 19:8 "He saith unto them, Moses because of the hardness of your hearts suffered you to put away your wives: but from the beginning it was not so."
Aspect7, Matthew 19:9 "And I say unto you, Whosoever shall put away his wife, except it be for fornication, and shall marry another, committeth adultery: and whoso marrieth her which is put away doth commit adultery."
Aspect7, Matthew 19:10 "His disciples say unto him, If the case of the man be so with his wife, it is not good to marry."
Aspect7, Matthew 19:20 "The young man saith unto him, All these things have I kept from my youth up: what lack I yet?"
Aspect7, Matthew 19:23 "Then said Jesus unto his disciples, Verily I say unto you, That a rich man shall hardly enter into the kingdom of heaven."
Aspect7, Matthew 19:24 "And again I say unto you, It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God."
Aspect7, Matthew 20:1 "For the kingdom of heaven is like unto a man that is an householder, which went out early in the morning to hire labourers into his vineyard."
Aspect7, Matthew 20:6 "And about the eleventh hour he went out, and found others standing idle, and saith unto them, Why stand ye here all the day idle?"
Aspect7, Matthew 20:7 "They say unto him, Because no man hath hired us. He saith unto them, Go ye also into the vineyard; and whatsoever is right, that shall ye receive."
Aspect7, Matthew 20:8 "So when even was come, the lord of the vineyard saith unto his steward, Call the labourers, and give them their hire, beginning from the last unto the first."
Aspect7, Matthew 20:12 "Saying, These last have wrought but one hour, and thou hast made them equal unto us, which have borne the burden and heat of the day."
Aspect7, Matthew 20:14 "Take that thine is, and go thy way: I will give unto this last, even as unto thee."
Aspect7, Matthew 20:18 "Behold, we go up to Jerusalem; and the Son of man shall be betrayed unto the chief priests and unto the scribes, and they shall condemn him to death,"
Aspect7, Matthew 20:21 "And he said unto her, What wilt thou? She saith unto him, Grant that these my two sons may sit, the one on thy right hand, and the other on the left, in thy kingdom."
Aspect7, Matthew 21:1 "And when they drew nigh unto Jerusalem, and were come to Bethphage, unto the mount of Olives, then sent Jesus two disciples,"
Aspect7, Matthew 21:2 "Saying unto them, Go into the village over against you, and straightway ye shall find an ass tied, and a colt with her: loose them, and bring them unto me."
Aspect7, Matthew 21:5 "Tell ye the daughter of Sion, Behold, thy King cometh unto thee, meek, and sitting upon an ass, and a colt the foal of an ass."
Aspect7, Matthew 21:16 "And said unto him, Hearest thou what these say? And Jesus saith unto them, Yea; have ye never read, Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings thou hast perfected praise?"
Aspect7, Matthew 21:31 "Whether of them twain did the will of his father? They say unto him, The first. Jesus saith unto them, Verily I say unto you, That the publicans and the harlots go into the kingdom of God before you."
Aspect7, Matthew 21:36 "Again, he sent other servants more than the first: and they did unto them likewise."
Aspect7, Matthew 21:41 "They say unto him, He will miserably destroy those wicked men, and will let out his vineyard unto other husbandmen, which shall render him the fruits in their seasons."
Aspect7, Matthew 21:43 "Therefore say I unto you, The kingdom of God shall be taken from you, and given to a nation bringing forth the fruits thereof."
Aspect7, Matthew 22:17 "Tell us therefore, What thinkest thou? Is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar, or not?"
Aspect7, Matthew 22:19 "Shew me the tribute money. And they brought unto him a penny."
Aspect7, Matthew 22:20 "And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and superscription?"
Aspect7, Matthew 22:21 "They say unto him, Caesar's. Then saith he unto them, Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's."
Aspect7, Matthew 22:25 "Now there were with us seven brethren: and the first, when he had married a wife, deceased, and, having no issue, left his wife unto his brother:"
Aspect7, Matthew 23:16 "Woe unto you, ye blind guides, which say, Whosoever shall swear by the temple, it is nothing; but whosoever shall swear by the gold of the temple, he is a debtor!"
Aspect7, Matthew 23:29 "Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! because ye build the tombs of the prophets, and garnish the sepulchres of the righteous,"
Aspect7, Matthew 23:35 "That upon you may come all the righteous blood shed upon the earth, from the blood of righteous Abel unto the blood of Zacharias son of Barachias, whom ye slew between the temple and the altar."
Aspect7, Matthew 23:36 "Verily I say unto you, All these things shall come upon this generation."
Aspect7, Matthew 23:38 "Behold, your house is left unto you desolate."
Aspect7, Matthew 24:2 "And Jesus said unto them, See ye not all these things? verily I say unto you, There shall not be left here one stone upon another, that shall not be thrown down."
Aspect7, Matthew 24:13 "But he that shall endure unto the end, the same shall be saved."
Aspect7, Matthew 24:19 "And woe unto them that are with child, and to them that give suck in those days!"
Aspect7, Matthew 24:23 "Then if any man shall say unto you, Lo, here is Christ, or there; believe it not."
Aspect7, Matthew 24:26 "Wherefore if they shall say unto you, Behold, he is in the desert; go not forth: behold, he is in the secret chambers; believe it not."
Aspect7, Matthew 25:40 "And the King shall answer and say unto them, Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me."
Aspect7, Matthew 26:15 "And said unto them, What will ye give me, and I will deliver him unto you? And they covenanted with him for thirty pieces of silver."
Aspect7, Matthew 26:22 "And they were exceeding sorrowful, and began every one of them to say unto him, Lord, is it I?"
Aspect7, Matthew 26:29 "But I say unto you, I will not drink henceforth of this fruit of the vine, until that day when I drink it new with you in my Father's kingdom."
Aspect7, Matthew 26:36 "Then cometh Jesus with them unto a place called Gethsemane, and saith unto the disciples, Sit ye here, while I go and pray yonder."
Aspect7, Matthew 26:38 "Then saith he unto them, My soul is exceeding sorrowful, even unto death: tarry ye here, and watch with me."
Aspect7, Matthew 26:40 "And he cometh unto the disciples, and findeth them asleep, and saith unto Peter, What, could ye not watch with me one hour?"
Aspect7, Matthew 26:58 "But Peter followed him afar off unto the high priest's palace, and went in, and sat with the servants, to see the end."
Aspect7, Matthew 26:64 "Jesus saith unto him, Thou hast said: nevertheless I say unto you, Hereafter shall ye see the Son of man sitting on the right hand of power, and coming in the clouds of heaven."
Aspect7, Matthew 27:15 "Now at that feast the governor was wont to release unto the people a prisoner, whom they would."
Aspect7, Matthew 27:17 "Therefore when they were gathered together, Pilate said unto them, Whom will ye that I release unto you? Barabbas, or Jesus which is called Christ?"
Aspect7, Matthew 27:22 "Pilate saith unto them, What shall I do then with Jesus which is called Christ? They all say unto him, Let him be crucified."
Aspect7, Matthew 27:26 "Then released he Barabbas unto them: and when he had scourged Jesus, he delivered him to be crucified."
Aspect7, Matthew 27:27 "Then the soldiers of the governor took Jesus into the common hall, and gathered unto him the whole band of soldiers."
Aspect7, Matthew 27:45 "Now from the sixth hour there was darkness over all the land unto the ninth hour."
Aspect7, Matthew 27:55 "And many women were there beholding afar off, which followed Jesus from Galilee, ministering unto him:"
Aspect7, Matthew 28:18 "And Jesus came and spake unto them, saying, All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth."
Aspect7, Mark 1:5 "And there went out unto him all the land of Judaea, and they of Jerusalem, and were all baptized of him in the river of Jordan, confessing their sins."
Aspect7, Mark 1:13 "And he was there in the wilderness forty days, tempted of Satan; and was with the wild beasts; and the angels ministered unto him."
Aspect7, Mark 1:31 "And he came and took her by the hand, and lifted her up; and immediately the fever left her, and she ministered unto them."
Aspect7, Mark 1:44 "And saith unto him, See thou say nothing to any man: but go thy way, shew thyself to the priest, and offer for thy cleansing those things which Moses commanded, for a testimony unto them."
Aspect7, Mark 2:3 "And they come unto him, bringing one sick of the palsy, which was borne of four."
Aspect7, Mark 3:3 "And he saith unto the man which had the withered hand, Stand forth."
Aspect7, Mark 3:4 "And he saith unto them, Is it lawful to do good on the sabbath days, or to do evil? to save life, or to kill? But they held their peace."
Aspect7, Mark 3:13 "And he goeth up into a mountain, and calleth unto him whom he would: and they came unto him."
Aspect7, Mark 3:23 "And he called them unto him, and said unto them in parables, How can Satan cast out Satan?"
Aspect7, Mark 3:28 "Verily I say unto you, All sins shall be forgiven unto the sons of men, and blasphemies wherewith soever they shall blaspheme:"
Aspect7, Mark 4:11 "And he said unto them, Unto you it is given to know the mystery of the kingdom of God: but unto them that are without, all these things are done in parables:"
Aspect7, Mark 4:34 "But without a parable spake he not unto them: and when they were alone, he expounded all things to his disciples."
Aspect7, Mark 4:35 "And the same day, when the even was come, he saith unto them, Let us pass over unto the other side."
Aspect7, Mark 5:1 "And they came over unto the other side of the sea, into the country of the Gadarenes."
Aspect7, Mark 5:11 "Now there was there nigh unto the mountains a great herd of swine feeding."
Aspect7, Mark 5:19 "Howbeit Jesus suffered him not, but saith unto him, Go home to thy friends, and tell them how great things the Lord hath done for thee, and hath had compassion on thee."
Aspect7, Mark 5:21 "And when Jesus was passed over again by ship unto the other side, much people gathered unto him: and he was nigh unto the sea."
Aspect7, Mark 5:34 "And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague."
Aspect7, Mark 5:36 "As soon as Jesus heard the word that was spoken, he saith unto the ruler of the synagogue, Be not afraid, only believe."
Aspect7, Mark 5:41 "And he took the damsel by the hand, and said unto her, Talitha cumi; which is, being interpreted, Damsel, I say unto thee, arise."
Aspect7, Mark 6:48 "And he saw them toiling in rowing; for the wind was contrary unto them: and about the fourth watch of the night he cometh unto them, walking upon the sea, and would have passed by them."
Aspect7, Mark 6:50 "For they all saw him, and were troubled. And immediately he talked with them, and saith unto them, Be of good cheer: it is I; be not afraid."
Aspect7, Mark 6:51 "And he went up unto them into the ship; and the wind ceased: and they were sore amazed in themselves beyond measure, and wondered."
Aspect7, Mark 7:14 "And when he had called all the people unto him, he said unto them, Hearken unto me every one of you, and understand:"
Aspect7, Mark 7:27 "But Jesus said unto her, Let the children first be filled: for it is not meet to take the children's bread, and to cast it unto the dogs."
Aspect7, Mark 7:34 "And looking up to heaven, he sighed, and saith unto him, Ephphatha, that is, Be opened."
Aspect7, Mark 8:1 "In those days the multitude being very great, and having nothing to eat, Jesus called his disciples unto him, and saith unto them,"
Aspect7, Mark 8:12 "And he sighed deeply in his spirit, and saith, Why doth this generation seek after a sign? verily I say unto you, There shall no sign be given unto this generation."
Aspect7, Mark 8:22 "And he cometh to Bethsaida; and they bring a blind man unto him, and besought him to touch him."
Aspect7, Mark 8:29 "And he saith unto them, But whom say ye that I am? And Peter answereth and saith unto him, Thou art the Christ."
Aspect7, Mark 8:34 "And when he had called the people unto him with his disciples also, he said unto them, Whosoever will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me."
Aspect7, Mark 9:1 "And he said unto them, Verily I say unto you, That there be some of them that stand here, which shall not taste of death, till they have seen the kingdom of God come with power."
Aspect7, Mark 9:4 "And there appeared unto them Elias with Moses: and they were talking with Jesus."
Aspect7, Mark 9:13 "But I say unto you, That Elias is indeed come, and they have done unto him whatsoever they listed, as it is written of him."
Aspect7, Mark 9:19 "He answereth him, and saith, O faithless generation, how long shall I be with you? how long shall I suffer you? bring him unto me."
Aspect7, Mark 10:1 "And he arose from thence, and cometh into the coasts of Judaea by the farther side of Jordan: and the people resort unto him again; and, as he was wont, he taught them again."
Aspect7, Mark 10:11 "And he saith unto them, Whosoever shall put away his wife, and marry another, committeth adultery against her."
Aspect7, Mark 10:14 "But when Jesus saw it, he was much displeased, and said unto them, Suffer the little children to come unto me, and forbid them not: for of such is the kingdom of God."
Aspect7, Mark 10:15 "Verily I say unto you, Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child, he shall not enter therein."
Aspect7, Mark 10:18 "And Jesus said unto him, Why callest thou me good? there is none good but one, that is, God."
Aspect7, Mark 10:23 "And Jesus looked round about, and saith unto his disciples, How hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom of God!"
Aspect7, Mark 10:37 "They said unto him, Grant unto us that we may sit, one on thy right hand, and the other on thy left hand, in thy glory."
Aspect7, Mark 10:51 "And Jesus answered and said unto him, What wilt thou that I should do unto thee? The blind man said unto him, Lord, that I might receive my sight."
Aspect7, Mark 11:21 "And Peter calling to remembrance saith unto him, Master, behold, the fig tree which thou cursedst is withered away."
Aspect7, Mark 11:22 "And Jesus answering saith unto them, Have faith in God."
Aspect7, Mark 11:33 "And they answered and said unto Jesus, We cannot tell. And Jesus answering saith unto them, Neither do I tell you by what authority I do these things."
Aspect7, Mark 12:1 "And he began to speak unto them by parables. A certain man planted a vineyard, and set an hedge about it, and digged a place for the winefat, and built a tower, and let it out to husbandmen, and went into a far country."
Aspect7, Mark 12:9 "What shall therefore the lord of the vineyard do? he will come and destroy the husbandmen, and will give the vineyard unto others."
Aspect7, Mark 12:13 "And they send unto him certain of the Pharisees and of the Herodians, to catch him in his words."
Aspect7, Mark 12:16 "And they brought it. And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and superscription? And they said unto him, Caesar's."
Aspect7, Mark 12:19 "Master, Moses wrote unto us, If a man's brother die, and leave his wife behind him, and leave no children, that his brother should take his wife, and raise up seed unto his brother."
Aspect7, Mark 12:43 "And he called unto him his disciples, and saith unto them, Verily I say unto you, That this poor widow hath cast more in, than all they which have cast into the treasury:"
Aspect7, Mark 13:1 "And as he went out of the temple, one of his disciples saith unto him, Master, see what manner of stones and what buildings are here!"
Aspect7, Mark 13:19 "For in those days shall be affliction, such as was not from the beginning of the creation which God created unto this time, neither shall be."
Aspect7, Mark 13:37 "And what I say unto you I say unto all, Watch."
Aspect7, Mark 14:10 "And Judas Iscariot, one of the twelve, went unto the chief priests, to betray him unto them."
Aspect7, Mark 14:25 "Verily I say unto you, I will drink no more of the fruit of the vine, until that day that I drink it new in the kingdom of God."
Aspect7, Mark 14:30 "And Jesus saith unto him, Verily I say unto thee, That this day, even in this night, before the cock crow twice, thou shalt deny me thrice."
Aspect7, Mark 14:34 "And saith unto them, My soul is exceeding sorrowful unto death: tarry ye here, and watch."
Aspect7, Mark 15:6 "Now at that feast he released unto them one prisoner, whomsoever they desired."
Aspect7, Mark 15:14 "Then Pilate said unto them, Why, what evil hath he done? And they cried out the more exceedingly, Crucify him."
Aspect7, Mark 15:15 "And so Pilate, willing to content the people, released Barabbas unto them, and delivered Jesus, when he had scourged him, to be crucified."
Aspect7, Mark 15:22 "And they bring him unto the place Golgotha, which is, being interpreted, The place of a skull."
Aspect7, Mark 15:41 "(Who also, when he was in Galilee, followed him, and ministered unto him;) and many other women which came up with him unto Jerusalem."
Aspect7, Mark 16:6 "And he saith unto them, Be not affrighted: Ye seek Jesus of Nazareth, which was crucified: he is risen; he is not here: behold the place where they laid him."
Aspect7, Luke 1:22 "And when he came out, he could not speak unto them: and they perceived that he had seen a vision in the temple: for he beckoned unto them, and remained speechless."
Aspect7, Luke 1:26 "And in the sixth month the angel Gabriel was sent from God unto a city of Galilee, named Nazareth,"
Aspect7, Luke 1:74 "That he would grant unto us, that we being delivered out of the hand of our enemies might serve him without fear,"
Aspect7, Luke 1:77 "To give knowledge of salvation unto his people by the remission of their sins,"
Aspect7, Luke 2:10 "And the angel said unto them, Fear not: for, behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people."
Aspect7, Luke 2:12 "And this shall be a sign unto you; Ye shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in a manger."
Aspect7, Luke 2:15 "And it came to pass, as the angels were gone away from them into heaven, the shepherds said one to another, Let us now go even unto Bethlehem, and see this thing which is come to pass, which the Lord hath made known unto us."
Aspect7, Luke 3:8 "Bring forth therefore fruits worthy of repentance, and begin not to say within yourselves, We have Abraham to our father: for I say unto you, That God is able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham."
Aspect7, Luke 4:6 "And the devil said unto him, All this power will I give thee, and the glory of them: for that is delivered unto me; and to whomsoever I will I give it."
Aspect7, Luke 4:21 "And he began to say unto them, This day is this scripture fulfilled in your ears."
Aspect7, Luke 4:23 "And he said unto them, Ye will surely say unto me this proverb, Physician, heal thyself: whatsoever we have heard done in Capernaum, do also here in thy country."
Aspect7, Luke 4:26 "But unto none of them was Elias sent, save unto Sarepta, a city of Sidon, unto a woman that was a widow."
Aspect7, Luke 4:39 "And he stood over her, and rebuked the fever; and it left her: and immediately she arose and ministered unto them."
Aspect7, Luke 5:14 "And he charged him to tell no man: but go, and shew thyself to the priest, and offer for thy cleansing, according as Moses commanded, for a testimony unto them."
Aspect7, Luke 5:24 "But that ye may know that the Son of man hath power upon earth to forgive sins, (he said unto the sick of the palsy,) I say unto thee, Arise, and take up thy couch, and go into thine house."
Aspect7, Luke 5:31 "And Jesus answering said unto them, They that are whole need not a physician; but they that are sick."
Aspect7, Luke 5:33 "And they said unto him, Why do the disciples of John fast often, and make prayers, and likewise the disciples of the Pharisees; but thine eat and drink?"
Aspect7, Luke 6:24 "But woe unto you that are rich! for ye have received your consolation."
Aspect7, Luke 6:26 "Woe unto you, when all men shall speak well of you! for so did their fathers to the false prophets."
Aspect7, Luke 6:27 "But I say unto you which hear, Love your enemies, do good to them which hate you,"
Aspect7, Luke 6:39 "And he spake a parable unto them, Can the blind lead the blind? shall they not both fall into the ditch?"
Aspect7, Luke 7:2 "And a certain centurion's servant, who was dear unto him, was sick, and ready to die."
Aspect7, Luke 7:9 "When Jesus heard these things, he marvelled at him, and turned him about, and said unto the people that followed him, I say unto you, I have not found so great faith, no, not in Israel."
Aspect7, Luke 7:19 "And John calling unto him two of his disciples sent them to Jesus, saying, Art thou he that should come? or look we for another?"
Aspect7, Luke 7:20 "When the men were come unto him, they said, John Baptist hath sent us unto thee, saying, Art thou he that should come? or look we for another?"
Aspect7, Luke 7:28 "For I say unto you, Among those that are born of women there is not a greater prophet than John the Baptist: but he that is least in the kingdom of God is greater than he."
Aspect7, Luke 7:40 "And Jesus answering said unto him, Simon, I have somewhat to say unto thee. And he saith, Master, say on."
Aspect7, Luke 7:47 "Wherefore I say unto thee, Her sins, which are many, are forgiven; for she loved much: but to whom little is forgiven, the same loveth little."
Aspect7, Luke 8:10 "And he said, Unto you it is given to know the mysteries of the kingdom of God: but to others in parables; that seeing they might not see, and hearing they might not understand."
Aspect7, Luke 8:22 "Now it came to pass on a certain day, that he went into a ship with his disciples: and he said unto them, Let us go over unto the other side of the lake. And they launched forth."
Aspect7, Luke 8:39 "Return to thine own house, and shew how great things God hath done unto thee. And he went his way, and published throughout the whole city how great things Jesus had done unto him."
Aspect7, Luke 10:9 "And heal the sick that are therein, and say unto them, The kingdom of God is come nigh unto you."
Aspect7, Luke 10:12 "But I say unto you, that it shall be more tolerable in that day for Sodom, than for that city."
Aspect7, Luke 10:13 "Woe unto thee, Chorazin! woe unto thee, Bethsaida! for if the mighty works had been done in Tyre and Sidon, which have been done in you, they had a great while ago repented, sitting in sackcloth and ashes."
Aspect7, Luke 11:5 "And he said unto them, Which of you shall have a friend, and shall go unto him at midnight, and say unto him, Friend, lend me three loaves;"
Aspect7, Luke 11:8 "I say unto you, Though he will not rise and give him, because he is his friend, yet because of his importunity he will rise and give him as many as he needeth."
Aspect7, Luke 11:9 "And I say unto you, Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you."
Aspect7, Luke 11:24 "When the unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walketh through dry places, seeking rest; and finding none, he saith, I will return unto my house whence I came out."
Aspect7, Luke 11:51 "From the blood of Abel unto the blood of Zacharias which perished between the altar and the temple: verily I say unto you, It shall be required of this generation."
Aspect7, Luke 12:4 "And I say unto you my friends, Be not afraid of them that kill the body, and after that have no more that they can do."
Aspect7, Luke 12:10 "And whosoever shall speak a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but unto him that blasphemeth against the Holy Ghost it shall not be forgiven."
Aspect7, Luke 12:27 "Consider the lilies how they grow: they toil not, they spin not; and yet I say unto you, that Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these."
Aspect7, Luke 12:36 "And ye yourselves like unto men that wait for their lord, when he will return from the wedding; that when he cometh and knocketh, they may open unto him immediately."
Aspect7, Luke 12:41 "Then Peter said unto him, Lord, speakest thou this parable unto us, or even to all?"
Aspect7, Luke 13:25 "When once the master of the house is risen up, and hath shut to the door, and ye begin to stand without, and to knock at the door, saying, Lord, Lord, open unto us; and he shall answer and say unto you, I know you not whence ye are:"
Aspect7, Luke 14:24 "For I say unto you, That none of those men which were bidden shall taste of my supper."
Aspect7, Luke 15:1 "Then drew near unto him all the publicans and sinners for to hear him."
Aspect7, Luke 15:7 "I say unto you, that likewise joy shall be in heaven over one sinner that repenteth, more than over ninety and nine just persons, which need no repentance."
Aspect7, Luke 15:10 "Likewise, I say unto you, there is joy in the presence of the angels of God over one sinner that repenteth."
Aspect7, Luke 15:31 "And he said unto him, Son, thou art ever with me, and all that I have is thine."
Aspect7, Luke 16:1 "And he said also unto his disciples, There was a certain rich man, which had a steward; and the same was accused unto him that he had wasted his goods."
Aspect7, Luke 16:5 "So he called every one of his lord's debtors unto him, and said unto the first, How much owest thou unto my lord?"
Aspect7, Luke 16:29 "Abraham saith unto him, They have Moses and the prophets; let them hear them."
Aspect7, Luke 17:14 "And when he saw them, he said unto them, Go shew yourselves unto the priests. And it came to pass, that, as they went, they were cleansed."
Aspect7, Luke 17:19 "And he said unto him, Arise, go thy way: thy faith hath made thee whole."
Aspect7, Luke 18:1 "And he spake a parable unto them to this end, that men ought always to pray, and not to faint;"
Aspect7, Luke 18:7 "And shall not God avenge his own elect, which cry day and night unto him, though he bear long with them?"
Aspect7, Luke 18:9 "And he spake this parable unto certain which trusted in themselves that they were righteous, and despised others:"
Aspect7, Luke 18:13 "And the publican, standing afar off, would not lift up so much as his eyes unto heaven, but smote upon his breast, saying, God be merciful to me a sinner."
Aspect7, Luke 18:16 "But Jesus called them unto him, and said, Suffer little children to come unto me, and forbid them not: for of such is the kingdom of God."
Aspect7, Luke 18:17 "Verily I say unto you, Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child shall in no wise enter therein."
Aspect7, Luke 18:19 "And Jesus said unto him, Why callest thou me good? none is good, save one, that is, God."
Aspect7, Luke 18:29 "And he said unto them, Verily I say unto you, There is no man that hath left house, or parents, or brethren, or wife, or children, for the kingdom of God's sake,"
Aspect7, Luke 18:31 "Then he took unto him the twelve, and said unto them, Behold, we go up to Jerusalem, and all things that are written by the prophets concerning the Son of man shall be accomplished."
Aspect7, Luke 18:32 "For he shall be delivered unto the Gentiles, and shall be mocked, and spitefully entreated, and spitted on:"
Aspect7, Luke 19:39 "And some of the Pharisees from among the multitude said unto him, Master, rebuke thy disciples."
Aspect7, Luke 20:22 "Is it lawful for us to give tribute unto Caesar, or no?"
Aspect7, Luke 20:25 "And he said unto them, Render therefore unto Caesar the things which be Caesar's, and unto God the things which be God's."
Aspect7, Luke 20:28 "Saying, Master, Moses wrote unto us, If any man's brother die, having a wife, and he die without children, that his brother should take his wife, and raise up seed unto his brother."
Aspect7, Luke 21:4 "For all these have of their abundance cast in unto the offerings of God: but she of her penury hath cast in all the living that she had."
Aspect7, Luke 22:6 "And he promised, and sought opportunity to betray him unto them in the absence of the multitude."
Aspect7, Luke 22:11 "And ye shall say unto the goodman of the house, The Master saith unto thee, Where is the guestchamber, where I shall eat the passover with my disciples?"
Aspect7, Luke 22:16 "For I say unto you, I will not any more eat thereof, until it be fulfilled in the kingdom of God."
Aspect7, Luke 22:18 "For I say unto you, I will not drink of the fruit of the vine, until the kingdom of God shall come."
Aspect7, Luke 22:29 "And I appoint unto you a kingdom, as my Father hath appointed unto me;"
Aspect7, Luke 22:37 "For I say unto you, that this that is written must yet be accomplished in me, And he was reckoned among the transgressors: for the things concerning me have an end."
Aspect7, Luke 22:43 "And there appeared an angel unto him from heaven, strengthening him."
Aspect7, Luke 23:1 "And the whole multitude of them arose, and led him unto Pilate."
Aspect7, Luke 23:15 "No, nor yet Herod: for I sent you to him; and, lo, nothing worthy of death is done unto him."
Aspect7, Luke 23:17 "(For of necessity he must release one unto them at the feast.)"
Aspect7, Luke 23:22 "And he said unto them the third time, Why, what evil hath he done? I have found no cause of death in him: I will therefore chastise him, and let him go."
Aspect7, Luke 23:25 "And he released unto them him that for sedition and murder was cast into prison, whom they had desired; but he delivered Jesus to their will."
Aspect7, Luke 23:28 "But Jesus turning unto them said, Daughters of Jerusalem, weep not for me, but weep for yourselves, and for your children."
Aspect7, Luke 23:43 "And Jesus said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, To day shalt thou be with me in paradise."
Aspect7, Luke 23:52 "This man went unto Pilate, and begged the body of Jesus."
Aspect7, Luke 24:6 "He is not here, but is risen: remember how he spake unto you when he was yet in Galilee,"
Aspect7, Luke 24:18 "And the one of them, whose name was Cleopas, answering said unto him, Art thou only a stranger in Jerusalem, and hast not known the things which are come to pass there in these days?"
Aspect7, Luke 24:27 "And beginning at Moses and all the prophets, he expounded unto them in all the scriptures the things concerning himself."
Aspect7, Luke 24:28 "And they drew nigh unto the village, whither they went: and he made as though he would have gone further."
Aspect7, Luke 24:36 "And as they thus spake, Jesus himself stood in the midst of them, and saith unto them, Peace be unto you."
Aspect7, Luke 24:44 "And he said unto them, These are the words which I spake unto you, while I was yet with you, that all things must be fulfilled, which were written in the law of Moses, and in the prophets, and in the psalms, concerning me."
Aspect7, John 1:38 "Then Jesus turned, and saw them following, and saith unto them, What seek ye? They said unto him, Rabbi, (which is to say, being interpreted, Master,) where dwellest thou?"
Aspect7, John 1:41 "He first findeth his own brother Simon, and saith unto him, We have found the Messias, which is, being interpreted, the Christ."
Aspect7, John 1:46 "And Nathanael said unto him, Can there any good thing come out of Nazareth? Philip saith unto him, Come and see."
Aspect7, John 1:51 "And he saith unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Hereafter ye shall see heaven open, and the angels of God ascending and descending upon the Son of man."
Aspect7, John 2:4 "Jesus saith unto her, Woman, what have I to do with thee? mine hour is not yet come."
Aspect7, John 2:5 "His mother saith unto the servants, Whatsoever he saith unto you, do it."
Aspect7, John 2:8 "And he saith unto them, Draw out now, and bear unto the governor of the feast. And they bare it."
Aspect7, John 2:10 "And saith unto him, Every man at the beginning doth set forth good wine; and when men have well drunk, then that which is worse: but thou hast kept the good wine until now."
Aspect7, John 2:18 "Then answered the Jews and said unto him, What sign shewest thou unto us, seeing that thou doest these things?"
Aspect7, John 2:24 "But Jesus did not commit himself unto them, because he knew all men,"
Aspect7, John 3:3 "Jesus answered and said unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God."
Aspect7, John 3:10 "Jesus answered and said unto him, Art thou a master of Israel, and knowest not these things?"
Aspect7, John 3:26 "And they came unto John, and said unto him, Rabbi, he that was with thee beyond Jordan, to whom thou barest witness, behold, the same baptizeth, and all men come to him."
Aspect7, John 4:7 "There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink."
Aspect7, John 4:8 "(For his disciples were gone away unto the city to buy meat.)"
Aspect7, John 4:9 "Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, How is it that thou, being a Jew, askest drink of me, which am a woman of Samaria? for the Jews have no dealings with the Samaritans."
Aspect7, John 4:21 "Jesus saith unto her, Woman, believe me, the hour cometh, when ye shall neither in this mountain, nor yet at Jerusalem, worship the Father."
Aspect7, John 4:26 "Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he."
Aspect7, John 4:30 "Then they went out of the city, and came unto him."
Aspect7, John 4:34 "Jesus saith unto them, My meat is to do the will of him that sent me, and to finish his work."
Aspect7, John 4:36 "And he that reapeth receiveth wages, and gathereth fruit unto life eternal: that both he that soweth and he that reapeth may rejoice together."
Aspect7, John 4:42 "And said unto the woman, Now we believe, not because of thy saying: for we have heard him ourselves, and know that this is indeed the Christ, the Saviour of the world."
Aspect7, John 4:50 "Jesus saith unto him, Go thy way; thy son liveth. And the man believed the word that Jesus had spoken unto him, and he went his way."
Aspect7, John 5:8 "Jesus saith unto him, Rise, take up thy bed, and walk."
Aspect7, John 5:11 "He answered them, He that made me whole, the same said unto me, Take up thy bed, and walk."
Aspect7, John 5:14 "Afterward Jesus findeth him in the temple, and said unto him, Behold, thou art made whole: sin no more, lest a worse thing come unto thee."
Aspect7, John 5:24 "Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life."
Aspect7, John 5:29 "And shall come forth; they that have done good, unto the resurrection of life; and they that have done evil, unto the resurrection of damnation."
Aspect7, John 5:33 "Ye sent unto John, and he bare witness unto the truth."
Aspect7, John 6:5 "When Jesus then lifted up his eyes, and saw a great company come unto him, he saith unto Philip, Whence shall we buy bread, that these may eat?"
Aspect7, John 6:8 "One of his disciples, Andrew, Simon Peter's brother, saith unto him,"
Aspect7, John 6:19 "So when they had rowed about five and twenty or thirty furlongs, they see Jesus walking on the sea, and drawing nigh unto the ship: and they were afraid."
Aspect7, John 6:20 "But he saith unto them, It is I; be not afraid."
Aspect7, John 6:27 "Labour not for the meat which perisheth, but for that meat which endureth unto everlasting life, which the Son of man shall give unto you: for him hath God the Father sealed."
Aspect7, John 6:32 "Then Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Moses gave you not that bread from heaven; but my Father giveth you the true bread from heaven."
Aspect7, John 6:33 "For the bread of God is he which cometh down from heaven, and giveth life unto the world."
Aspect7, John 7:8 "Go ye up unto this feast: I go not up yet unto this feast: for my time is not yet full come."
Aspect7, John 7:26 "But, lo, he speaketh boldly, and they say nothing unto him. Do the rulers know indeed that this is the very Christ?"
Aspect7, John 7:33 "Then said Jesus unto them, Yet a little while am I with you, and then I go unto him that sent me."
Aspect7, John 7:50 "Nicodemus saith unto them, (he that came to Jesus by night, being one of them,)"
Aspect7, John 7:53 "And every man went unto his own house."
Aspect7, John 8:1 "Jesus went unto the mount of Olives."
Aspect7, John 8:4 "They say unto him, Master, this woman was taken in adultery, in the very act."
Aspect7, John 8:12 "Then spake Jesus again unto them, saying, I am the light of the world: he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life."
Aspect7, John 8:14 "Jesus answered and said unto them, Though I bear record of myself, yet my record is true: for I know whence I came, and whither I go; but ye cannot tell whence I come, and whither I go."
Aspect7, John 8:25 "Then said they unto him, Who art thou? And Jesus saith unto them, Even the same that I said unto you from the beginning."
Aspect7, John 8:48 "Then answered the Jews, and said unto him, Say we not well that thou art a Samaritan, and hast a devil?"
Aspect7, John 8:58 "Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Before Abraham was, I am."
Aspect7, John 9:29 "We know that God spake unto Moses: as for this fellow, we know not from whence he is."
Aspect7, John 10:6 "This parable spake Jesus unto them: but they understood not what things they were which he spake unto them."
Aspect7, John 10:7 "Then said Jesus unto them again, Verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep."
Aspect7, John 11:18 "Now Bethany was nigh unto Jerusalem, about fifteen furlongs off:"
Aspect7, John 11:23 "Jesus saith unto her, Thy brother shall rise again."
Aspect7, John 11:24 "Martha saith unto him, I know that he shall rise again in the resurrection at the last day."
Aspect7, John 12:27 "Now is my soul troubled; and what shall I say? Father, save me from this hour: but for this cause came I unto this hour."
Aspect7, John 12:32 "And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me."
Aspect7, John 13:20 "Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that receiveth whomsoever I send receiveth me; and he that receiveth me receiveth him that sent me."
Aspect7, John 13:28 "Now no man at the table knew for what intent he spake this unto him."
Aspect7, John 14:6 "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me."
Aspect7, John 14:12 "Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father."
Aspect7, John 14:22 "Judas saith unto him, not Iscariot, Lord, how is it that thou wilt manifest thyself unto us, and not unto the world?"
Aspect7, John 14:25 "These things have I spoken unto you, being yet present with you."
Aspect7, John 14:27 "Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid."
Aspect7, John 15:3 "Now ye are clean through the word which I have spoken unto you."
Aspect7, John 15:21 "But all these things will they do unto you for my name's sake, because they know not him that sent me."
Aspect7, John 15:22 "If I had not come and spoken unto them, they had not had sin: but now they have no cloak for their sin."
Aspect7, John 16:7 "Nevertheless I tell you the truth; It is expedient for you that I go away: for if I go not away, the Comforter will not come unto you; but if I depart, I will send him unto you."
Aspect7, John 16:14 "He shall glorify me: for he shall receive of mine, and shall shew it unto you."
Aspect7, John 16:25 "These things have I spoken unto you in proverbs: but the time cometh, when I shall no more speak unto you in proverbs, but I shall shew you plainly of the Father."
Aspect7, John 18:30 "They answered and said unto him, If he were not a malefactor, we would not have delivered him up unto thee."
Aspect7, John 18:38 "Pilate saith unto him, What is truth? And when he had said this, he went out again unto the Jews, and saith unto them, I find in him no fault at all."
Aspect7, John 19:14 "And it was the preparation of the passover, and about the sixth hour: and he saith unto the Jews, Behold your King!"
Aspect7, John 19:15 "But they cried out, Away with him, away with him, crucify him. Pilate saith unto them, Shall I crucify your King? The chief priests answered, We have no king but Caesar."
Aspect7, John 19:26 "When Jesus therefore saw his mother, and the disciple standing by, whom he loved, he saith unto his mother, Woman, behold thy son!"
Aspect7, John 19:27 "Then saith he to the disciple, Behold thy mother! And from that hour that disciple took her unto his own home."
Aspect7, John 20:10 "Then the disciples went away again unto their own home."
Aspect7, John 20:13 "And they say unto her, Woman, why weepest thou? She saith unto them, Because they have taken away my LORD, and I know not where they have laid him."
Aspect7, John 20:16 "Jesus saith unto her, Mary. She turned herself, and saith unto him, Rabboni; which is to say, Master."
Aspect7, John 20:17 "Jesus saith unto her, Touch me not; for I am not yet ascended to my Father: but go to my brethren, and say unto them, I ascend unto my Father, and your Father; and to my God, and your God."
Aspect7, John 21:3 "Simon Peter saith unto them, I go a fishing. They say unto him, We also go with thee. They went forth, and entered into a ship immediately; and that night they caught nothing."
Aspect7, John 21:10 "Jesus saith unto them, Bring of the fish which ye have now caught."
Aspect7, John 21:15 "So when they had dined, Jesus saith to Simon Peter, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me more than these? He saith unto him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love thee. He saith unto him, Feed my lambs."
Aspect7, John 21:19 "This spake he, signifying by what death he should glorify God. And when he had spoken this, he saith unto him, Follow me."
Aspect7, Acts 1:2 "Until the day in which he was taken up, after that he through the Holy Ghost had given commandments unto the apostles whom he had chosen:"
Aspect7, Acts 1:22 "Beginning from the baptism of John, unto that same day that he was taken up from us, must one be ordained to be a witness with us of his resurrection."
Aspect7, Acts 2:29 "Men and brethren, let me freely speak unto you of the patriarch David, that he is both dead and buried, and his sepulchre is with us unto this day."
Aspect7, Acts 2:41 "Then they that gladly received his word were baptized: and the same day there were added unto them about three thousand souls."
Aspect7, Acts 3:5 "And he gave heed unto them, expecting to receive something of them."
Aspect7, Acts 3:20 "And he shall send Jesus Christ, which before was preached unto you:"
Aspect7, Acts 3:22 "For Moses truly said unto the fathers, A prophet shall the Lord your God raise up unto you of your brethren, like unto me; him shall ye hear in all things whatsoever he shall say unto you."
Aspect7, Acts 3:26 "Unto you first God, having raised up his Son Jesus, sent him to bless you, in turning away every one of you from his iniquities."
Aspect7, Acts 4:3 "And they laid hands on them, and put them in hold unto the next day: for it was now eventide."
Aspect7, Acts 4:10 "Be it known unto you all, and to all the people of Israel, that by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom ye crucified, whom God raised from the dead, even by him doth this man stand here before you whole."
Aspect7, Acts 4:19 "But Peter and John answered and said unto them, Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye."
Aspect7, Acts 5:4 "Whiles it remained, was it not thine own? and after it was sold, was it not in thine own power? why hast thou conceived this thing in thine heart? thou hast not lied unto men, but unto God."
Aspect7, Acts 7:13 "And at the second time Joseph was made known to his brethren; and Joseph's kindred was made known unto Pharaoh."
Aspect7, Acts 7:37 "This is that Moses, which said unto the children of Israel, A prophet shall the Lord your God raise up unto you of your brethren, like unto me; him shall ye hear."
Aspect7, Acts 7:41 "And they made a calf in those days, and offered sacrifice unto the idol, and rejoiced in the works of their own hands."
Aspect7, Acts 8:1 "And Saul was consenting unto his death. And at that time there was a great persecution against the church which was at Jerusalem; and they were all scattered abroad throughout the regions of Judaea and Samaria, except the apostles."
Aspect7, Acts 8:5 "Then Philip went down to the city of Samaria, and preached Christ unto them."
Aspect7, Acts 8:14 "Now when the apostles which were at Jerusalem heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent unto them Peter and John:"
Aspect7, Acts 8:26 "And the angel of the Lord spake unto Philip, saying, Arise, and go toward the south unto the way that goeth down from Jerusalem unto Gaza, which is desert."
Aspect7, Acts 8:35 "Then Philip opened his mouth, and began at the same scripture, and preached unto him Jesus."
Aspect7, Acts 9:2 "And desired of him letters to Damascus to the synagogues, that if he found any of this way, whether they were men or women, he might bring them bound unto Jerusalem."
Aspect7, Acts 9:15 "But the Lord said unto him, Go thy way: for he is a chosen vessel unto me, to bear my name before the Gentiles, and kings, and the children of Israel:"
Aspect7, Acts 10:8 "And when he had declared all these things unto them, he sent them to Joppa."
Aspect7, Acts 10:28 "And he said unto them, Ye know how that it is an unlawful thing for a man that is a Jew to keep company, or come unto one of another nation; but God hath shewed me that I should not call any man common or unclean."
Aspect7, Acts 10:41 "Not to all the people, but unto witnesses chosen before God, even to us, who did eat and drink with him after he rose from the dead."
Aspect7, Acts 11:4 "But Peter rehearsed the matter from the beginning, and expounded it by order unto them, saying,"
Aspect7, Acts 11:11 "And, behold, immediately there were three men already come unto the house where I was, sent from Caesarea unto me."
Aspect7, Acts 11:19 "Now they which were scattered abroad upon the persecution that arose about Stephen travelled as far as Phenice, and Cyprus, and Antioch, preaching the word to none but unto the Jews only."
Aspect7, Acts 11:29 "Then the disciples, every man according to his ability, determined to send relief unto the brethren which dwelt in Judaea:"
Aspect7, Acts 12:5 "Peter therefore was kept in prison: but prayer was made without ceasing of the church unto God for him."
Aspect7, Acts 12:10 "When they were past the first and the second ward, they came unto the iron gate that leadeth unto the city; which opened to them of his own accord: and they went out, and passed on through one street; and forthwith the angel departed from him."
Aspect7, Acts 12:17 "But he, beckoning unto them with the hand to hold their peace, declared unto them how the Lord had brought him out of the prison. And he said, Go shew these things unto James, and to the brethren. And he departed, and went into another place."
Aspect7, Acts 12:21 "And upon a set day Herod, arrayed in royal apparel, sat upon his throne, and made an oration unto them."
Aspect7, Acts 13:4 "So they, being sent forth by the Holy Ghost, departed unto Seleucia; and from thence they sailed to Cyprus."
Aspect7, Acts 13:6 "And when they had gone through the isle unto Paphos, they found a certain sorcerer, a false prophet, a Jew, whose name was Barjesus:"
Aspect7, Acts 13:21 "And afterward they desired a king: and God gave unto them Saul the son of Cis, a man of the tribe of Benjamin, by the space of forty years."
Aspect7, Acts 13:23 "Of this man's seed hath God according to his promise raised unto Israel a Saviour, Jesus:"
Aspect7, Acts 13:32 "And we declare unto you glad tidings, how that the promise which was made unto the fathers,"
Aspect7, Acts 13:36 "For David, after he had served his own generation by the will of God, fell on sleep, and was laid unto his fathers, and saw corruption:"
Aspect7, Acts 13:38 "Be it known unto you therefore, men and brethren, that through this man is preached unto you the forgiveness of sins:"
Aspect7, Acts 14:6 "They were ware of it, and fled unto Lystra and Derbe, cities of Lycaonia, and unto the region that lieth round about:"
Aspect7, Acts 14:18 "And with these sayings scarce restrained they the people, that they had not done sacrifice unto them."
Aspect7, Acts 15:2 "When therefore Paul and Barnabas had no small dissension and disputation with them, they determined that Paul and Barnabas, and certain other of them, should go up to Jerusalem unto the apostles and elders about this question."
Aspect7, Acts 15:8 "And God, which knoweth the hearts, bare them witness, giving them the Holy Ghost, even as he did unto us;"
Aspect7, Acts 15:18 "Known unto God are all his works from the beginning of the world."
Aspect7, Acts 15:23 "And they wrote letters by them after this manner; The apostles and elders and brethren send greeting unto the brethren which are of the Gentiles in Antioch and Syria and Cilicia."
Aspect7, Acts 15:25 "It seemed good unto us, being assembled with one accord, to send chosen men unto you with our beloved Barnabas and Paul,"
Aspect7, Acts 15:33 "And after they had tarried there a space, they were let go in peace from the brethren unto the apostles."
Aspect7, Acts 15:39 "And the contention was so sharp between them, that they departed asunder one from the other: and so Barnabas took Mark, and sailed unto Cyprus;"
Aspect7, Acts 15:40 "And Paul chose Silas, and departed, being recommended by the brethren unto the grace of God."
Aspect7, Acts 16:19 "And when her masters saw that the hope of their gains was gone, they caught Paul and Silas, and drew them into the marketplace unto the rulers,"
Aspect7, Acts 16:25 "And at midnight Paul and Silas prayed, and sang praises unto God: and the prisoners heard them."
Aspect7, Acts 17:2 "And Paul, as his manner was, went in unto them, and three sabbath days reasoned with them out of the scriptures,"
Aspect7, Acts 17:10 "And the brethren immediately sent away Paul and Silas by night unto Berea: who coming thither went into the synagogue of the Jews."
Aspect7, Acts 17:15 "And they that conducted Paul brought him unto Athens: and receiving a commandment unto Silas and Timotheus for to come to him with all speed, they departed."
Aspect7, Acts 17:19 "And they took him, and brought him unto Areopagus, saying, May we know what this new doctrine, whereof thou speakest, is?"
Aspect7, Acts 17:29 "Forasmuch then as we are the offspring of God, we ought not to think that the Godhead is like unto gold, or silver, or stone, graven by art and man's device."
Aspect7, Acts 17:34 "Howbeit certain men clave unto him, and believed: among the which was Dionysius the Areopagite, and a woman named Damaris, and others with them."
Aspect7, Acts 18:6 "And when they opposed themselves, and blasphemed, he shook his raiment, and said unto them, Your blood be upon your own heads; I am clean; from henceforth I will go unto the Gentiles."
Aspect7, Acts 18:14 "And when Paul was now about to open his mouth, Gallio said unto the Jews, If it were a matter of wrong or wicked lewdness, O ye Jews, reason would that I should bear with you:"
Aspect7, Acts 18:26 "And he began to speak boldly in the synagogue: whom when Aquila and Priscilla had heard, they took him unto them, and expounded unto him the way of God more perfectly."
Aspect7, Acts 19:3 "And he said unto them, Unto what then were ye baptized? And they said, Unto John's baptism."
Aspect7, Acts 19:22 "So he sent into Macedonia two of them that ministered unto him, Timotheus and Erastus; but he himself stayed in Asia for a season."
Aspect7, Acts 19:24 "For a certain man named Demetrius, a silversmith, which made silver shrines for Diana, brought no small gain unto the craftsmen;"
Aspect7, Acts 19:30 "And when Paul would have entered in unto the people, the disciples suffered him not."
Aspect7, Acts 19:31 "And certain of the chief of Asia, which were his friends, sent unto him, desiring him that he would not adventure himself into the theatre."
Aspect7, Acts 20:1 "And after the uproar was ceased, Paul called unto him the disciples, and embraced them, and departed for to go into Macedonia."
Aspect7, Acts 20:13 "And we went before to ship, and sailed unto Assos, there intending to take in Paul: for so had he appointed, minding himself to go afoot."
Aspect7, Acts 20:22 "And now, behold, I go bound in the spirit unto Jerusalem, not knowing the things that shall befall me there:"
Aspect7, Acts 20:27 "For I have not shunned to declare unto you all the counsel of God."
Aspect7, Acts 20:34 "Yea, ye yourselves know, that these hands have ministered unto my necessities, and to them that were with me."
Aspect7, Acts 20:38 "Sorrowing most of all for the words which he spake, that they should see his face no more. And they accompanied him unto the ship."
Aspect7, Acts 21:1 "And it came to pass, that after we were gotten from them, and had launched, we came with a straight course unto Coos, and the day following unto Rhodes, and from thence unto Patara:"
Aspect7, Acts 21:32 "Who immediately took soldiers and centurions, and ran down unto them: and when they saw the chief captain and the soldiers, they left beating of Paul."
Aspect7, Acts 21:40 "And when he had given him licence, Paul stood on the stairs, and beckoned with the hand unto the people. And when there was made a great silence, he spake unto them in the Hebrew tongue, saying,"
Aspect7, Acts 22:4 "And I persecuted this way unto the death, binding and delivering into prisons both men and women."
Aspect7, Acts 22:7 "And I fell unto the ground, and heard a voice saying unto me, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me?"
Aspect7, Acts 22:21 "And he said unto me, Depart: for I will send thee far hence unto the Gentiles."
Aspect7, Acts 23:17 "Then Paul called one of the centurions unto him, and said, Bring this young man unto the chief captain: for he hath a certain thing to tell him."
Aspect7, Acts 23:18 "So he took him, and brought him to the chief captain, and said, Paul the prisoner called me unto him, and prayed me to bring this young man unto thee, who hath something to say unto thee."
Aspect7, Acts 23:26 "Claudius Lysias unto the most excellent governor Felix sendeth greeting."
Aspect7, Acts 24:10 "Then Paul, after that the governor had beckoned unto him to speak, answered, Forasmuch as I know that thou hast been of many years a judge unto this nation, I do the more cheerfully answer for myself:"
Aspect7, Acts 25:11 "For if I be an offender, or have committed any thing worthy of death, I refuse not to die: but if there be none of these things whereof these accuse me, no man may deliver me unto them. I appeal unto Caesar."
Aspect7, Acts 25:13 "And after certain days king Agrippa and Bernice came unto Caesarea to salute Festus."
Aspect7, Acts 25:21 "But when Paul had appealed to be reserved unto the hearing of Augustus, I commanded him to be kept till I might send him to Caesar."
Aspect7, Acts 26:6 "And now I stand and am judged for the hope of the promise made of God, unto our fathers:"
Aspect7, Acts 26:7 "Unto which promise our twelve tribes, instantly serving God day and night, hope to come. For which hope's sake, king Agrippa, I am accused of the Jews."
Aspect7, Acts 26:19 "Whereupon, O king Agrippa, I was not disobedient unto the heavenly vision:"
Aspect7, Acts 26:20 "But shewed first unto them of Damascus, and at Jerusalem, and throughout all the coasts of Judaea, and then to the Gentiles, that they should repent and turn to God, and do works meet for repentance."
Aspect7, Acts 26:32 "Then said Agrippa unto Festus, This man might have been set at liberty, if he had not appealed unto Caesar."
Aspect7, Acts 27:1 "And when it was determined that we should sail into Italy, they delivered Paul and certain other prisoners unto one named Julius, a centurion of Augustus' band."
Aspect7, Acts 27:40 "And when they had taken up the anchors, they committed themselves unto the sea, and loosed the rudder bands, and hoised up the mainsail to the wind, and made toward shore."
Aspect7, Acts 28:28 "Be it known therefore unto you, that the salvation of God is sent unto the Gentiles, and that they will hear it."
Aspect7, Romans 1:11 "For I long to see you, that I may impart unto you some spiritual gift, to the end ye may be established;"
Aspect7, Romans 1:19 "Because that which may be known of God is manifest in them; for God hath shewed it unto them."
Aspect7, Romans 1:26 "For this cause God gave them up unto vile affections: for even their women did change the natural use into that which is against nature:"
Aspect7, Romans 2:5 "But after thy hardness and impenitent heart treasurest up unto thyself wrath against the day of wrath and revelation of the righteous judgment of God;"
Aspect7, Romans 2:14 "For when the Gentiles, which have not the law, do by nature the things contained in the law, these, having not the law, are a law unto themselves:"
Aspect7, Romans 3:2 "Much every way: chiefly, because that unto them were committed the oracles of God."
Aspect7, Romans 5:16 "And not as it was by one that sinned, so is the gift: for the judgment was by one to condemnation, but the free gift is of many offences unto justification."
Aspect7, Romans 5:21 "That as sin hath reigned unto death, even so might grace reign through righteousness unto eternal life by Jesus Christ our Lord."
Aspect7, Romans 6:10 "For in that he died, he died unto sin once: but in that he liveth, he liveth unto God."
Aspect7, Romans 6:11 "Likewise reckon ye also yourselves to be dead indeed unto sin, but alive unto God through Jesus Christ our Lord."
Aspect7, Romans 6:13 "Neither yield ye your members as instruments of unrighteousness unto sin: but yield yourselves unto God, as those that are alive from the dead, and your members as instruments of righteousness unto God."
Aspect7, Romans 6:19 "I speak after the manner of men because of the infirmity of your flesh: for as ye have yielded your members servants to uncleanness and to iniquity unto iniquity; even so now yield your members servants to righteousness unto holiness."
Aspect7, Romans 6:22 "But now being made free from sin, and become servants to God, ye have your fruit unto holiness, and the end everlasting life."
Aspect7, Romans 7:10 "And the commandment, which was ordained to life, I found to be unto death."
Aspect7, Romans 7:13 "Was then that which is good made death unto me? God forbid. But sin, that it might appear sin, working death in me by that which is good; that sin by the commandment might become exceeding sinful."
Aspect7, Romans 7:16 "If then I do that which I would not, I consent unto the law that it is good."
Aspect7, Romans 9:21 "Hath not the potter power over the clay, of the same lump to make one vessel unto honour, and another unto dishonour?"
Aspect7, Romans 10:3 "For they being ignorant of God's righteousness, and going about to establish their own righteousness, have not submitted themselves unto the righteousness of God."
Aspect7, Romans 10:10 "For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation."
Aspect7, Romans 10:20 "But Esaias is very bold, and saith, I was found of them that sought me not; I was made manifest unto them that asked not after me."
Aspect7, Romans 11:4 "But what saith the answer of God unto him? I have reserved to myself seven thousand men, who have not bowed the knee to the image of Baal."
Aspect7, Romans 11:8 "(According as it is written, God hath given them the spirit of slumber, eyes that they should not see, and ears that they should not hear;) unto this day."
Aspect7, Romans 11:9 "And David saith, Let their table be made a snare, and a trap, and a stumblingblock, and a recompence unto them:"
Aspect7, Romans 11:11 "I say then, Have they stumbled that they should fall? God forbid: but rather through their fall salvation is come unto the Gentiles, for to provoke them to jealousy."
Aspect7, Romans 11:27 "For this is my covenant unto them, when I shall take away their sins."
Aspect7, Romans 11:35 "Or who hath first given to him, and it shall be recompensed unto him again?"
Aspect7, Romans 12:3 "For I say, through the grace given unto me, to every man that is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think; but to think soberly, according as God hath dealt to every man the measure of faith."
Aspect7, Romans 13:1 "Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God."
Aspect7, Romans 15:8 "Now I say that Jesus Christ was a minister of the circumcision for the truth of God, to confirm the promises made unto the fathers:"
Aspect7, Romans 15:15 "Nevertheless, brethren, I have written the more boldly unto you in some sort, as putting you in mind, because of the grace that is given to me of God,"
Aspect7, Romans 15:19 "Through mighty signs and wonders, by the power of the Spirit of God; so that from Jerusalem, and round about unto Illyricum, I have fully preached the gospel of Christ."
Aspect7, Romans 15:25 "But now I go unto Jerusalem to minister unto the saints."
Aspect7, Romans 15:32 "That I may come unto you with joy by the will of God, and may with you be refreshed."
Aspect7, Romans 16:1 "I commend unto you Phebe our sister, which is a servant of the church which is at Cenchrea:"
Aspect7, Romans 16:5 "Likewise greet the church that is in their house. Salute my well-beloved Epaenetus, who is the firstfruits of Achaia unto Christ."
Aspect7, Romans 16:19 "For your obedience is come abroad unto all men. I am glad therefore on your behalf: but yet I would have you wise unto that which is good, and simple concerning evil."
Aspect7, 1 Corinthians 1:11 "For it hath been declared unto me of you, my brethren, by them which are of the house of Chloe, that there are contentions among you."
Aspect7, 1 Corinthians 1:18 "For the preaching of the cross is to them that perish foolishness; but unto us which are saved it is the power of God."
Aspect7, 1 Corinthians 1:23 "But we preach Christ crucified, unto the Jews a stumblingblock, and unto the Greeks foolishness;"
Aspect7, 1 Corinthians 2:14 "But the natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God: for they are foolishness unto him: neither can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned."
Aspect7, 1 Corinthians 3:1 "And I, brethren, could not speak unto you as unto spiritual, but as unto carnal, even as unto babes in Christ."
Aspect7, 1 Corinthians 3:10 "According to the grace of God which is given unto me, as a wise masterbuilder, I have laid the foundation, and another buildeth thereon. But let every man take heed how he buildeth thereupon."
Aspect7, 1 Corinthians 5:9 "I wrote unto you in an epistle not to company with fornicators:"
Aspect7, 1 Corinthians 7:1 "Now concerning the things whereof ye wrote unto me: It is good for a man not to touch a woman."
Aspect7, 1 Corinthians 7:3 "Let the husband render unto the wife due benevolence: and likewise also the wife unto the husband."
Aspect7, 1 Corinthians 8:1 "Now as touching things offered unto idols, we know that we all have knowledge. Knowledge puffeth up, but charity edifieth."
Aspect7, 1 Corinthians 8:4 "As concerning therefore the eating of those things that are offered in sacrifice unto idols, we know that an idol is nothing in the world, and that there is none other God but one."
Aspect7, 1 Corinthians 8:7 "Howbeit there is not in every man that knowledge: for some with conscience of the idol unto this hour eat it as a thing offered unto an idol; and their conscience being weak is defiled."
Aspect7, 1 Corinthians 9:17 "For if I do this thing willingly, I have a reward: but if against my will, a dispensation of the gospel is committed unto me."
Aspect7, 1 Corinthians 9:19 "For though I be free from all men, yet have I made myself servant unto all, that I might gain the more."
Aspect7, 1 Corinthians 9:20 "And unto the Jews I became as a Jew, that I might gain the Jews; to them that are under the law, as under the law, that I might gain them that are under the law;"
Aspect7, 1 Corinthians 10:2 "And were all baptized unto Moses in the cloud and in the sea;"
Aspect7, 1 Corinthians 10:28 "But if any man say unto you, This is offered in sacrifice unto idols, eat not for his sake that shewed it, and for conscience sake: for the earth is the Lord's, and the fulness thereof:"
Aspect7, 1 Corinthians 11:13 "Judge in yourselves: is it comely that a woman pray unto God uncovered?"
Aspect7, 1 Corinthians 11:14 "Doth not even nature itself teach you, that, if a man have long hair, it is a shame unto him?"
Aspect7, 1 Corinthians 12:31 "But covet earnestly the best gifts: and yet shew I unto you a more excellent way."
Aspect7, 1 Corinthians 14:2 "For he that speaketh in an unknown tongue speaketh not unto men, but unto God: for no man understandeth him; howbeit in the spirit he speaketh mysteries."
Aspect7, 1 Corinthians 14:3 "But he that prophesieth speaketh unto men to edification, and exhortation, and comfort."
Aspect7, 1 Corinthians 14:11 "Therefore if I know not the meaning of the voice, I shall be unto him that speaketh a barbarian, and he that speaketh shall be a barbarian unto me."
Aspect7, 1 Corinthians 15:28 "And when all things shall be subdued unto him, then shall the Son also himself be subject unto him that put all things under him, that God may be all in all."
Aspect7, 1 Corinthians 16:3 "And when I come, whomsoever ye shall approve by your letters, them will I send to bring your liberality unto Jerusalem."
Aspect7, 1 Corinthians 16:9 "For a great door and effectual is opened unto me, and there are many adversaries."
Aspect7, 2 Corinthians 1:1 "Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, and Timothy our brother, unto the church of God which is at Corinth, with all the saints which are in all Achaia:"
Aspect7, 2 Corinthians 1:20 "For all the promises of God in him are yea, and in him Amen, unto the glory of God by us."
Aspect7, 2 Corinthians 2:4 "For out of much affliction and anguish of heart I wrote unto you with many tears; not that ye should be grieved, but that ye might know the love which I have more abundantly unto you."
Aspect7, 2 Corinthians 2:14 "Now thanks be unto God, which always causeth us to triumph in Christ, and maketh manifest the savour of his knowledge by us in every place."
Aspect7, 2 Corinthians 2:15 "For we are unto God a sweet savour of Christ, in them that are saved, and in them that perish:"
Aspect7, 2 Corinthians 2:16 "To the one we are the savour of death unto death; and to the other the savour of life unto life. And who is sufficient for these things?"
Aspect7, 2 Corinthians 3:15 "But even unto this day, when Moses is read, the vail is upon their heart."
Aspect7, 2 Corinthians 5:12 "For we commend not ourselves again unto you, but give you occasion to glory on our behalf, that ye may have somewhat to answer them which glory in appearance, and not in heart."
Aspect7, 2 Corinthians 5:19 "To wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation."
Aspect7, 2 Corinthians 6:11 "O ye Corinthians, our mouth is open unto you, our heart is enlarged."
Aspect7, 2 Corinthians 7:12 "Wherefore, though I wrote unto you, I did it not for his cause that had done the wrong, nor for his cause that suffered wrong, but that our care for you in the sight of God might appear unto you."
Aspect7, 2 Corinthians 8:2 "How that in a great trial of affliction the abundance of their joy and their deep poverty abounded unto the riches of their liberality."
Aspect7, 2 Corinthians 8:17 "For indeed he accepted the exhortation; but being more forward, of his own accord he went unto you."
Aspect7, 2 Corinthians 9:5 "Therefore I thought it necessary to exhort the brethren, that they would go before unto you, and make up beforehand your bounty, whereof ye had notice before, that the same might be ready, as a matter of bounty, and not as of covetousness."
Aspect7, 2 Corinthians 9:13 "Whiles by the experiment of this ministration they glorify God for your professed subjection unto the gospel of Christ, and for your liberal distribution unto them, and unto all men;"
Aspect7, 2 Corinthians 9:15 "Thanks be unto God for his unspeakable gift."
Aspect7, 2 Corinthians 10:13 "But we will not boast of things without our measure, but according to the measure of the rule which God hath distributed to us, a measure to reach even unto you."
Aspect7, 2 Corinthians 12:20 "For I fear, lest, when I come, I shall not find you such as I would, and that I shall be found unto you such as ye would not: lest there be debates, envyings, wraths, strifes, backbitings, whisperings, swellings, tumults:"
Aspect7, Galatians 1:2 "And all the brethren which are with me, unto the churches of Galatia:"
Aspect7, Galatians 1:8 "But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed."
Aspect7, Galatians 1:20 "Now the things which I write unto you, behold, before God, I lie not."
Aspect7, Galatians 1:22 "And was unknown by face unto the churches of Judaea which were in Christ:"
Aspect7, Galatians 2:7 "But contrariwise, when they saw that the gospel of the uncircumcision was committed unto me, as the gospel of the circumcision was unto Peter;"
Aspect7, Galatians 2:9 "And when James, Cephas, and John, who seemed to be pillars, perceived the grace that was given unto me, they gave to me and Barnabas the right hands of fellowship; that we should go unto the heathen, and they unto the circumcision."
Aspect7, Galatians 2:19 "For I through the law am dead to the law, that I might live unto God."
Aspect7, Galatians 3:24 "Wherefore the law was our schoolmaster to bring us unto Christ, that we might be justified by faith."
Aspect7, Galatians 5:2 "Behold, I Paul say unto you, that if ye be circumcised, Christ shall profit you nothing."
Aspect7, Galatians 5:4 "Christ is become of no effect unto you, whosoever of you are justified by the law; ye are fallen from grace."
Aspect7, Galatians 6:6 "Let him that is taught in the word communicate unto him that teacheth in all good things."
Aspect7, Galatians 6:10 "As we have therefore opportunity, let us do good unto all men, especially unto them who are of the household of faith."
Aspect7, Galatians 6:14 "But God forbid that I should glory, save in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom the world is crucified unto me, and I unto the world."
Aspect7, Ephesians 1:5 "Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself, according to the good pleasure of his will,"
Aspect7, Ephesians 1:9 "Having made known unto us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure which he hath purposed in himself:"
Aspect7, Ephesians 1:14 "Which is the earnest of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession, unto the praise of his glory."
Aspect7, Ephesians 1:17 "That the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him:"
Aspect7, Ephesians 2:10 "For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them."
Aspect7, Ephesians 2:16 "And that he might reconcile both unto God in one body by the cross, having slain the enmity thereby:"
Aspect7, Ephesians 2:18 "For through him we both have access by one Spirit unto the Father."
Aspect7, Ephesians 3:5 "Which in other ages was not made known unto the sons of men, as it is now revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by the Spirit;"
Aspect7, Ephesians 3:7 "Whereof I was made a minister, according to the gift of the grace of God given unto me by the effectual working of his power."
Aspect7, Ephesians 3:10 "To the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be known by the church the manifold wisdom of God,"
Aspect7, Ephesians 3:20 "Now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that worketh in us,"
Aspect7, Ephesians 3:21 "Unto him be glory in the church by Christ Jesus throughout all ages, world without end. Amen."
Aspect7, Ephesians 4:7 "But unto every one of us is given grace according to the measure of the gift of Christ."
Aspect7, Ephesians 4:13 "Till we all come in the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ:"
Aspect7, Ephesians 4:16 "From whom the whole body fitly joined together and compacted by that which every joint supplieth, according to the effectual working in the measure of every part, maketh increase of the body unto the edifying of itself in love."
Aspect7, Ephesians 4:19 "Who being past feeling have given themselves over unto lasciviousness, to work all uncleanness with greediness."
Aspect7, Ephesians 4:29 "Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good to the use of edifying, that it may minister grace unto the hearers."
Aspect7, Ephesians 4:30 "And grieve not the holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption."
Aspect7, Ephesians 5:22 "Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands, as unto the Lord."
Aspect7, Ephesians 6:13 "Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand."
Aspect7, Philippians 1:11 "Being filled with the fruits of righteousness, which are by Jesus Christ, unto the glory and praise of God."
Aspect7, Philippians 1:12 "But I would ye should understand, brethren, that the things which happened unto me have fallen out rather unto the furtherance of the gospel;"
Aspect7, Philippians 2:27 "For indeed he was sick nigh unto death: but God had mercy on him; and not on him only, but on me also, lest I should have sorrow upon sorrow."
Aspect7, Philippians 3:10 "That I may know him, and the power of his resurrection, and the fellowship of his sufferings, being made conformable unto his death;"
Aspect7, Philippians 3:11 "If by any means I might attain unto the resurrection of the dead."
Aspect7, Philippians 3:21 "Who shall change our vile body, that it may be fashioned like unto his glorious body, according to the working whereby he is able even to subdue all things unto himself."
Aspect7, Philippians 4:6 "Be careful for nothing; but in every thing by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known unto God."
Aspect7, Philippians 4:16 "For even in Thessalonica ye sent once and again unto my necessity."
Aspect7, Colossians 1:10 "That ye might walk worthy of the Lord unto all pleasing, being fruitful in every good work, and increasing in the knowledge of God;"
Aspect7, Colossians 1:11 "Strengthened with all might, according to his glorious power, unto all patience and longsuffering with joyfulness;"
Aspect7, Colossians 1:12 "Giving thanks unto the Father, which hath made us meet to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light:"
Aspect7, Colossians 4:7 "All my state shall Tychicus declare unto you, who is a beloved brother, and a faithful minister and fellowservant in the Lord:"
Aspect7, Colossians 4:11 "And Jesus, which is called Justus, who are of the circumcision. These only are my fellowworkers unto the kingdom of God, which have been a comfort unto me."
Aspect7, 1 Thessalonians 2:1 "For yourselves, brethren, know our entrance in unto you, that it was not in vain:"
Aspect7, 1 Thessalonians 2:8 "So being affectionately desirous of you, we were willing to have imparted unto you, not the gospel of God only, but also our own souls, because ye were dear unto us."
Aspect7, 1 Thessalonians 2:9 "For ye remember, brethren, our labour and travail: for labouring night and day, because we would not be chargeable unto any of you, we preached unto you the gospel of God."
Aspect7, 1 Thessalonians 2:12 "That ye would walk worthy of God, who hath called you unto his kingdom and glory."
Aspect7, 1 Thessalonians 3:6 "But now when Timotheus came from you unto us, and brought us good tidings of your faith and charity, and that ye have good remembrance of us always, desiring greatly to see us, as we also to see you:"
Aspect7, 1 Thessalonians 4:7 "For God hath not called us unto uncleanness, but unto holiness."
Aspect7, 1 Thessalonians 5:1 "But of the times and the seasons, brethren, ye have no need that I write unto you."
Aspect7, 1 Thessalonians 5:15 "See that none render evil for evil unto any man; but ever follow that which is good, both among yourselves, and to all men."
Aspect7, 2 Thessalonians 3:9 "Not because we have not power, but to make ourselves an ensample unto you to follow us."
Aspect7, 1 Timothy 1:6 "From which some having swerved have turned aside unto vain jangling;"
Aspect7, 1 Timothy 1:8 "But we know that the law is good, if a man use it lawfully;"
Aspect7, 1 Timothy 1:17 "Now unto the King eternal, immortal, invisible, the only wise God, be honour and glory for ever and ever. Amen."
Aspect7, 1 Timothy 1:20 "Of whom is Hymenaeus and Alexander; whom I have delivered unto Satan, that they may learn not to blaspheme."
Aspect7, 1 Timothy 2:4 "Who will have all men to be saved, and to come unto the knowledge of the truth."
Aspect7, 1 Timothy 4:7 "But refuse profane and old wives' fables, and exercise thyself rather unto godliness."
Aspect7, 2 Timothy 2:9 "Wherein I suffer trouble, as an evil doer, even unto bonds; but the word of God is not bound."
Aspect7, 2 Timothy 2:16 "But shun profane and vain babblings: for they will increase unto more ungodliness."
Aspect7, 2 Timothy 2:21 "If a man therefore purge himself from these, he shall be a vessel unto honour, sanctified, and meet for the master's use, and prepared unto every good work."
Aspect7, 2 Timothy 3:17 "That the man of God may be perfect, throughly furnished unto all good works."
Aspect7, 2 Timothy 4:4 "And they shall turn away their ears from the truth, and shall be turned unto fables."
Aspect7, 2 Timothy 4:10 "For Demas hath forsaken me, having loved this present world, and is departed unto Thessalonica; Crescens to Galatia, Titus unto Dalmatia."
Aspect7, Titus 1:3 "But hath in due times manifested his word through preaching, which is committed unto me according to the commandment of God our Saviour;"
Aspect7, Titus 1:15 "Unto the pure all things are pure: but unto them that are defiled and unbelieving is nothing pure; but even their mind and conscience is defiled."
Aspect7, Titus 1:16 "They profess that they know God; but in works they deny him, being abominable, and disobedient, and unto every good work reprobate."
Aspect7, Titus 2:9 "Exhort servants to be obedient unto their own masters, and to please them well in all things; not answering again;"
Aspect7, Titus 2:14 "Who gave himself for us, that he might redeem us from all iniquity, and purify unto himself a peculiar people, zealous of good works."
Aspect7, Titus 3:2 "To speak evil of no man, to be no brawlers, but gentle, shewing all meekness unto all men."
Aspect7, Titus 3:12 "When I shall send Artemas unto thee, or Tychicus, be diligent to come unto me to Nicopolis: for I have determined there to winter."
Aspect7, Titus 3:13 "Bring Zenas the lawyer and Apollos on their journey diligently, that nothing be wanting unto them."
Aspect7, Philemon 1:1 "Paul, a prisoner of Jesus Christ, and Timothy our brother, unto Philemon our dearly beloved, and fellowlabourer,"
Aspect7, Philemon 1:13 "Whom I would have retained with me, that in thy stead he might have ministered unto me in the bonds of the gospel:"
Aspect7, Hebrews 1:1 "God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets,"
Aspect7, Hebrews 2:5 "For unto the angels hath he not put in subjection the world to come, whereof we speak."
Aspect7, Hebrews 2:12 "Saying, I will declare thy name unto my brethren, in the midst of the church will I sing praise unto thee."
Aspect7, Hebrews 3:14 "For we are made partakers of Christ, if we hold the beginning of our confidence stedfast unto the end;"
Aspect7, Hebrews 4:2 "For unto us was the gospel preached, as well as unto them: but the word preached did not profit them, not being mixed with faith in them that heard it."
Aspect7, Hebrews 5:4 "And no man taketh this honour unto himself, but he that is called of God, as was Aaron."
Aspect7, Hebrews 6:1 "Therefore leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ, let us go on unto perfection; not laying again the foundation of repentance from dead works, and of faith toward God,"
Aspect7, Hebrews 6:6 "If they shall fall away, to renew them again unto repentance; seeing they crucify to themselves the Son of God afresh, and put him to an open shame."
Aspect7, Hebrews 6:8 "But that which beareth thorns and briers is rejected, and is nigh unto cursing; whose end is to be burned."
Aspect7, Hebrews 6:17 "Wherein God, willing more abundantly to shew unto the heirs of promise the immutability of his counsel, confirmed it by an oath:"
Aspect7, Hebrews 7:4 "Now consider how great this man was, unto whom even the patriarch Abraham gave the tenth of the spoils."
Aspect7, Hebrews 7:19 "For the law made nothing perfect, but the bringing in of a better hope did; by the which we draw nigh unto God."
Aspect7, Hebrews 9:20 "Saying, This is the blood of the testament which God hath enjoined unto you."
Aspect7, Hebrews 9:27 "And as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment:"
Aspect7, Hebrews 9:28 "So Christ was once offered to bear the sins of many; and unto them that look for him shall he appear the second time without sin unto salvation."
Aspect7, Hebrews 10:24 "And let us consider one another to provoke unto love and to good works:"
Aspect7, Hebrews 10:39 "But we are not of them who draw back unto perdition; but of them that believe to the saving of the soul."
Aspect7, Hebrews 11:4 "By faith Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain, by which he obtained witness that he was righteous, God testifying of his gifts: and by it he being dead yet speaketh."
Aspect7, Hebrews 12:2 "Looking unto Jesus the author and finisher of our faith; who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising the shame, and is set down at the right hand of the throne of God."
Aspect7, Hebrews 12:4 "Ye have not yet resisted unto blood, striving against sin."
Aspect7, Hebrews 12:5 "And ye have forgotten the exhortation which speaketh unto you as unto children, My son, despise not thou the chastening of the Lord, nor faint when thou art rebuked of him:"
Aspect7, Hebrews 12:18 "For ye are not come unto the mount that might be touched, and that burned with fire, nor unto blackness, and darkness, and tempest,"
Aspect7, Hebrews 12:22 "But ye are come unto mount Sion, and unto the city of the living God, the heavenly Jerusalem, and to an innumerable company of angels,"
Aspect7, Hebrews 13:6 "So that we may boldly say, The Lord is my helper, and I will not fear what man shall do unto me."
Aspect7, Hebrews 13:7 "Remember them which have the rule over you, who have spoken unto you the word of God: whose faith follow, considering the end of their conversation."
Aspect7, Hebrews 13:13 "Let us go forth therefore unto him without the camp, bearing his reproach."
Aspect7, James 4:6 "But he giveth more grace. Wherefore he saith, God resisteth the proud, but giveth grace unto the humble."
Aspect7, 1 Peter 1:2 "Elect according to the foreknowledge of God the Father, through sanctification of the Spirit, unto obedience and sprinkling of the blood of Jesus Christ: Grace unto you, and peace, be multiplied."
Aspect7, 1 Peter 1:5 "Who are kept by the power of God through faith unto salvation ready to be revealed in the last time."
Aspect7, 1 Peter 1:12 "Unto whom it was revealed, that not unto themselves, but unto us they did minister the things, which are now reported unto you by them that have preached the gospel unto you with the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven; which things the angels desire to look into."
Aspect7, 1 Peter 2:4 "To whom coming, as unto a living stone, disallowed indeed of men, but chosen of God, and precious,"
Aspect7, 1 Peter 2:7 "Unto you therefore which believe he is precious: but unto them which be disobedient, the stone which the builders disallowed, the same is made the head of the corner,"
Aspect7, 1 Peter 2:14 "Or unto governors, as unto them that are sent by him for the punishment of evildoers, and for the praise of them that do well."
Aspect7, 1 Peter 2:25 "For ye were as sheep going astray; but are now returned unto the Shepherd and Bishop of your souls."
Aspect7, 1 Peter 3:7 "Likewise, ye husbands, dwell with them according to knowledge, giving honour unto the wife, as unto the weaker vessel, and as being heirs together of the grace of life; that your prayers be not hindered."
Aspect7, 1 Peter 3:22 "Who is gone into heaven, and is on the right hand of God; angels and authorities and powers being made subject unto him."
Aspect7, 1 Peter 4:12 "Beloved, think it not strange concerning the fiery trial which is to try you, as though some strange thing happened unto you:"
Aspect7, 1 Peter 4:19 "Wherefore let them that suffer according to the will of God commit the keeping of their souls to him in well doing, as unto a faithful Creator."
Aspect7, 1 Peter 5:12 "By Silvanus, a faithful brother unto you, as I suppose, I have written briefly, exhorting, and testifying that this is the true grace of God wherein ye stand."
Aspect7, 2 Peter 1:3 "According as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness, through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue:"
Aspect7, 2 Peter 2:22 "But it is happened unto them according to the true proverb, The dog is turned to his own vomit again; and the sow that was washed to her wallowing in the mire."
Aspect7, 2 Peter 3:1 "This second epistle, beloved, I now write unto you; in both which I stir up your pure minds by way of remembrance:"
Aspect7, 2 Peter 3:15 "And account that the longsuffering of our Lord is salvation; even as our beloved brother Paul also according to the wisdom given unto him hath written unto you;"
Aspect7, 1 John 1:2 "(For the life was manifested, and we have seen it, and bear witness, and shew unto you that eternal life, which was with the Father, and was manifested unto us;)"
Aspect7, 1 John 1:5 "This then is the message which we have heard of him, and declare unto you, that God is light, and in him is no darkness at all."
Aspect7, 1 John 2:12 "I write unto you, little children, because your sins are forgiven you for his name's sake."
Aspect7, 1 John 2:13 "I write unto you, fathers, because ye have known him that is from the beginning. I write unto you, young men, because ye have overcome the wicked one. I write unto you, little children, because ye have known the Father."
Aspect7, 1 John 2:26 "These things have I written unto you concerning them that seduce you."
Aspect7, 1 John 5:16 "If any man see his brother sin a sin which is not unto death, he shall ask, and he shall give him life for them that sin not unto death. There is a sin unto death: I do not say that he shall pray for it."
Aspect7, 1 John 5:17 "All unrighteousness is sin: and there is a sin not unto death."
Aspect7, 3 John 1:1 "The elder unto the wellbeloved Gaius, whom I love in the truth."
Aspect7, 3 John 1:9 "I wrote unto the church: but Diotrephes, who loveth to have the preeminence among them, receiveth us not."
Aspect7, Jude 1:2 "Mercy unto you, and peace, and love, be multiplied."
Aspect7, Jude 1:3 "Beloved, when I gave all diligence to write unto you of the common salvation, it was needful for me to write unto you, and exhort you that ye should earnestly contend for the faith which was once delivered unto the saints."
Aspect7, Jude 1:6 "And the angels which kept not their first estate, but left their own habitation, he hath reserved in everlasting chains under darkness unto the judgment of the great day."
Aspect7, Jude 1:11 "Woe unto them! for they have gone in the way of Cain, and ran greedily after the error of Balaam for reward, and perished in the gainsaying of Core."
Aspect7, Revelation 1:1 "The Revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him, to shew unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass; and he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John:"
Aspect7, Revelation 1:11 "Saying, I am Alpha and Omega, the first and the last: and, What thou seest, write in a book, and send it unto the seven churches which are in Asia; unto Ephesus, and unto Smyrna, and unto Pergamos, and unto Thyatira, and unto Sardis, and unto Philadelphia, and unto Laodicea."
Aspect7, Revelation 2:11 "He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches; He that overcometh shall not be hurt of the second death."
Aspect7, Revelation 2:16 "Repent; or else I will come unto thee quickly, and will fight against them with the sword of my mouth."
Aspect7, Revelation 2:18 "And unto the angel of the church in Thyatira write; These things saith the Son of God, who hath his eyes like unto a flame of fire, and his feet are like fine brass;"
Aspect7, Revelation 2:24 "But unto you I say, and unto the rest in Thyatira, as many as have not this doctrine, and which have not known the depths of Satan, as they speak; I will put upon you none other burden."
Aspect7, Revelation 2:26 "And he that overcometh, and keepeth my works unto the end, to him will I give power over the nations:"
Aspect7, Revelation 2:29 "He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches."
Aspect7, Revelation 3:1 "And unto the angel of the church in Sardis write; These things saith he that hath the seven Spirits of God, and the seven stars; I know thy works, that thou hast a name that thou livest, and art dead."
Aspect7, Revelation 3:6 "He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches."
Aspect7, Revelation 3:13 "He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches."
Aspect7, Revelation 3:14 "And unto the angel of the church of the Laodiceans write; These things saith the Amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God;"
Aspect7, Revelation 3:22 "He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches."
Aspect7, Revelation 5:5 "And one of the elders saith unto me, Weep not: behold, the Lion of the tribe of Juda, the Root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof."
Aspect7, Revelation 5:10 "And hast made us unto our God kings and priests: and we shall reign on the earth."
Aspect7, Revelation 5:13 "And every creature which is in heaven, and on the earth, and under the earth, and such as are in the sea, and all that are in them, heard I saying, Blessing, and honour, and glory, and power, be unto him that sitteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb for ever and ever."
Aspect7, Revelation 7:12 "Saying, Amen: Blessing, and glory, and wisdom, and thanksgiving, and honour, and power, and might, be unto our God for ever and ever. Amen."
Aspect7, Revelation 7:17 "For the Lamb which is in the midst of the throne shall feed them, and shall lead them unto living fountains of waters: and God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes."
Aspect7, Revelation 9:10 "And they had tails like unto scorpions, and there were stings in their tails: and their power was to hurt men five months."
Aspect7, Revelation 9:19 "For their power is in their mouth, and in their tails: for their tails were like unto serpents, and had heads, and with them they do hurt."
Aspect7, Revelation 12:11 "And they overcame him by the blood of the Lamb, and by the word of their testimony; and they loved not their lives unto the death."
Aspect7, Revelation 13:4 "And they worshipped the dragon which gave power unto the beast: and they worshipped the beast, saying, Who is like unto the beast? who is able to make war with him?"
Aspect7, Revelation 13:5 "And there was given unto him a mouth speaking great things and blasphemies; and power was given unto him to continue forty and two months."
Aspect7, Revelation 14:20 "And the winepress was trodden without the city, and blood came out of the winepress, even unto the horse bridles, by the space of a thousand and six hundred furlongs."
Aspect7, Revelation 17:1 "And there came one of the seven angels which had the seven vials, and talked with me, saying unto me, Come hither; I will shew unto thee the judgment of the great whore that sitteth upon many waters:"
Aspect7, Revelation 17:13 "These have one mind, and shall give their power and strength unto the beast."
Aspect7, Revelation 17:17 "For God hath put in their hearts to fulfil his will, and to agree, and give their kingdom unto the beast, until the words of God shall be fulfilled."
Aspect7, Revelation 18:5 "For her sins have reached unto heaven, and God hath remembered her iniquities."
Aspect7, Revelation 18:6 "Reward her even as she rewarded you, and double unto her double according to her works: in the cup which she hath filled fill to her double."
Aspect7, Revelation 19:9 "And he saith unto me, Write, Blessed are they which are called unto the marriage supper of the Lamb. And he saith unto me, These are the true sayings of God."
Aspect7, Revelation 20:4 "And I saw thrones, and they sat upon them, and judgment was given unto them: and I saw the souls of them that were beheaded for the witness of Jesus, and for the word of God, and which had not worshipped the beast, neither his image, neither had received his mark upon their foreheads, or in their hands; and they lived and reigned with Christ a thousand years."
Aspect7, Revelation 21:6 "And he said unto me, It is done. I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end. I will give unto him that is athirst of the fountain of the water of life freely."
Aspect7, Revelation 22:18 "For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book:"
