Aspect6, Genesis 13:6 "And the land was not able to bear them, that they might dwell together: for their substance was great, so that they could not dwell together."
Aspect6, Genesis 36:25 "And the children of Anah were these; Dishon, and Aholibamah the daughter of Anah."
Aspect6, Genesis 39:1 "And Joseph was brought down to Egypt; and Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh, captain of the guard, an Egyptian, bought him of the hands of the Ishmaelites, which had brought him down thither."
Aspect6, Genesis 40:22 "But he hanged the chief baker: as Joseph had interpreted to them."
Aspect6, Genesis 40:23 "Yet did not the chief butler remember Joseph, but forgat him."
Aspect6, Genesis 41:14 "Then Pharaoh sent and called Joseph, and they brought him hastily out of the dungeon: and he shaved himself, and changed his raiment, and came in unto Pharaoh."
Aspect6, Genesis 41:37 "And the thing was good in the eyes of Pharaoh, and in the eyes of all his servants."
Aspect6, Genesis 41:49 "And Joseph gathered corn as the sand of the sea, very much, until he left numbering; for it was without number."
Aspect6, Genesis 43:12 "And take double money in your hand; and the money that was brought again in the mouth of your sacks, carry it again in your hand; peradventure it was an oversight:"
Aspect6, Genesis 43:15 "And the men took that present, and they took double money in their hand and Benjamin; and rose up, and went down to Egypt, and stood before Joseph."
Aspect6, Genesis 44:2 "And put my cup, the silver cup, in the sack's mouth of the youngest, and his corn money. And he did according to the word that Joseph had spoken."
Aspect6, Genesis 45:1 "Then Joseph could not refrain himself before all them that stood by him; and he cried, Cause every man to go out from me. And there stood no man with him, while Joseph made himself known unto his brethren."
Aspect6, Genesis 45:3 "And Joseph said unto his brethren, I am Joseph; doth my father yet live? And his brethren could not answer him; for they were troubled at his presence."
Aspect6, Genesis 47:7 "And Joseph brought in Jacob his father, and set him before Pharaoh: and Jacob blessed Pharaoh."
Aspect6, Genesis 47:14 "And Joseph gathered up all the money that was found in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, for the corn which they bought: and Joseph brought the money into Pharaoh's house."
Aspect6, Genesis 48:12 "And Joseph brought them out from between his knees, and he bowed himself with his face to the earth."
Aspect6, Exodus 2:3 "And when she could not longer hide him, she took for him an ark of bulrushes, and daubed it with slime and with pitch, and put the child therein; and she laid it in the flags by the river's brink."
Aspect6, Exodus 15:22 "So Moses brought Israel from the Red sea, and they went out into the wilderness of Shur; and they went three days in the wilderness, and found no water."
Aspect6, Exodus 16:17 "And the children of Israel did so, and gathered, some more, some less."
Aspect6, Exodus 32:6 "And they rose up early on the morrow, and offered burnt offerings, and brought peace offerings; and the people sat down to eat and to drink, and rose up to play."
Aspect6, Exodus 32:28 "And the children of Levi did according to the word of Moses: and there fell of the people that day about three thousand men."
Aspect6, Exodus 35:17 "The hangings of the court, his pillars, and their sockets, and the hanging for the door of the court,"
Aspect6, Exodus 35:18 "The pins of the tabernacle, and the pins of the court, and their cords,"
Aspect6, Exodus 36:3 "And they received of Moses all the offering, which the children of Israel had brought for the work of the service of the sanctuary, to make it withal. And they brought yet unto him free offerings every morning."
Aspect6, Leviticus 11:7 "And the swine, though he divide the hoof, and be cloven-footed, yet he cheweth not the cud; he is unclean to you."
Aspect6, Leviticus 16:22 "And the goat shall bear upon him all their iniquities unto a land not inhabited: and he shall let go the goat in the wilderness."
Aspect6, Leviticus 20:4 "And if the people of the land do any ways hide their eyes from the man, when he giveth of his seed unto Molech, and kill him not:"
Aspect6, Numbers 1:46 "Even all they that were numbered were six hundred thousand and three thousand and five hundred and fifty."
Aspect6, Numbers 2:13 "And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were fifty and nine thousand and three hundred."
Aspect6, Numbers 3:49 "And Moses took the redemption money of them that were over and above them that were redeemed by the Levites:"
Aspect6, Numbers 5:6 "Speak unto the children of Israel, When a man or woman shall commit any sin that men commit, to do a trespass against the LORD, and that person be guilty;"
Aspect6, Numbers 10:12 "And the children of Israel took their journeys out of the wilderness of Sinai; and the cloud rested in the wilderness of Paran."
Aspect6, Numbers 13:3 "And Moses by the commandment of the LORD sent them from the wilderness of Paran: all those men were heads of the children of Israel."
Aspect6, Numbers 14:33 "And your children shall wander in the wilderness forty years, and bear your whoredoms, until your carcasses be wasted in the wilderness."
Aspect6, Numbers 15:32 "And while the children of Israel were in the wilderness, they found a man that gathered sticks upon the sabbath day."
Aspect6, Numbers 16:2 "And they rose up before Moses, with certain of the children of Israel, two hundred and fifty princes of the assembly, famous in the congregation, men of renown:"
Aspect6, Numbers 16:18 "And they took every man his censer, and put fire in them, and laid incense thereon, and stood in the door of the tabernacle of the congregation with Moses and Aaron."
Aspect6, Numbers 26:7 "These are the families of the Reubenites: and they that were numbered of them were forty and three thousand and seven hundred and thirty."
Aspect6, Numbers 26:14 "These are the families of the Simeonites, twenty and two thousand and two hundred."
Aspect6, Numbers 26:16 "Of Ozni, the family of the Oznites: of Eri, the family of the Erites:"
Aspect6, Numbers 26:18 "These are the families of the children of Gad according to those that were numbered of them, forty thousand and five hundred."
Aspect6, Numbers 26:22 "These are the families of Judah according to those that were numbered of them, threescore and sixteen thousand and five hundred."
Aspect6, Numbers 26:25 "These are the families of Issachar according to those that were numbered of them, threescore and four thousand and three hundred."
Aspect6, Numbers 26:27 "These are the families of the Zebulunites according to those that were numbered of them, threescore thousand and five hundred."
Aspect6, Numbers 26:44 "Of the children of Asher after their families: of Jimna, the family of the Jimnites: of Jesui, the family of the Jesuites: of Beriah, the family of the Beriites."
Aspect6, Numbers 26:51 "These were the numbered of the children of Israel, six hundred thousand and a thousand seven hundred and thirty."
Aspect6, Numbers 26:58 "These are the families of the Levites: the family of the Libnites, the family of the Hebronites, the family of the Mahlites, the family of the Mushites, the family of the Korathites. And Kohath begat Amram."
Aspect6, Numbers 31:42 "And of the children of Israel's half, which Moses divided from the men that warred,"
Aspect6, Numbers 31:54 "And Moses and Eleazar the priest took the gold of the captains of thousands and of hundreds, and brought it into the tabernacle of the congregation, for a memorial for the children of Israel before the LORD."
Aspect6, Numbers 33:11 "And they removed from the Red sea, and encamped in the wilderness of Sin."
Aspect6, Numbers 33:12 "And they took their journey out of the wilderness of Sin, and encamped in Dophkah."
Aspect6, Numbers 33:15 "And they departed from Rephidim, and pitched in the wilderness of Sinai."
Aspect6, Deuteronomy 24:8 "Take heed in the plague of leprosy, that thou observe diligently, and do according to all that the priests the Levites shall teach you: as I commanded them, so ye shall observe to do."
Aspect6, Deuteronomy 33:5 "And he was king in Jeshurun, when the heads of the people and the tribes of Israel were gathered together."
Aspect6, Deuteronomy 33:17 "His glory is like the firstling of his bullock, and his horns are like the horns of unicorns: with them he shall push the people together to the ends of the earth: and they are the ten thousands of Ephraim, and they are the thousands of Manasseh."
Aspect6, Joshua 7:4 "So there went up thither of the people about three thousand men: and they fled before the men of Ai."
Aspect6, Joshua 15:20 "This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Judah according to their families."
Aspect6, Joshua 16:1 "And the lot of the children of Joseph fell from Jordan by Jericho, unto the water of Jericho on the east, to the wilderness that goeth up from Jericho throughout mount Bethel,"
Aspect6, Joshua 18:2 "And there remained among the children of Israel seven tribes, which had not yet received their inheritance."
Aspect6, Joshua 19:24 "And the fifth lot came out for the tribe of the children of Asher according to their families."
Aspect6, Joshua 19:44 "And Eltekeh, and Gibbethon, and Baalath,"
Aspect6, Joshua 24:32 "And the bones of Joseph, which the children of Israel brought up out of Egypt, buried they in Shechem, in a parcel of ground which Jacob bought of the sons of Hamor the father of Shechem for an hundred pieces of silver: and it became the inheritance of the children of Joseph."
Aspect6, Judges 6:19 "And Gideon went in, and made ready a kid, and unleavened cakes of an ephah of flour: the flesh he put in a basket, and he put the broth in a pot, and brought it out unto him under the oak, and presented it."
Aspect6, Judges 8:10 "Now Zebah and Zalmunna were in Karkor, and their hosts with them, about fifteen thousand men, all that were left of all the hosts of the children of the east: for there fell an hundred and twenty thousand men that drew sword."
Aspect6, Judges 17:6 "In those days there was no king in Israel, but every man did that which was right in his own eyes."
Aspect6, Judges 19:7 "And when the man rose up to depart, his father in law urged him: therefore he lodged there again."
Aspect6, Judges 20:19 "And the children of Israel rose up in the morning, and encamped against Gibeah."
Aspect6, Judges 21:25 "In those days there was no king in Israel: every man did that which was right in his own eyes."
Aspect6, 1 Samuel 11:8 "And when he numbered them in Bezek, the children of Israel were three hundred thousand, and the men of Judah thirty thousand."
Aspect6, 1 Samuel 13:2 "Saul chose him three thousand men of Israel; whereof two thousand were with Saul in Michmash and in mount Bethel, and a thousand were with Jonathan in Gibeah of Benjamin: and the rest of the people he sent every man to his tent."
Aspect6, 1 Samuel 13:21 "Yet they had a file for the mattocks, and for the coulters, and for the forks, and for the axes, and to sharpen the goads."
Aspect6, 1 Samuel 17:9 "If he be able to fight with me, and to kill me, then will we be your servants: but if I prevail against him, and kill him, then shall ye be our servants, and serve us."
Aspect6, 1 Samuel 17:57 "And as David returned from the slaughter of the Philistine, Abner took him, and brought him before Saul with the head of the Philistine in his hand."
Aspect6, 1 Samuel 19:10 "And Saul sought to smite David even to the wall with the javelin: but he slipped away out of Saul's presence, and he smote the javelin into the wall: and David fled, and escaped that night."
Aspect6, 1 Samuel 25:2 "And there was a man in Maon, whose possessions were in Carmel; and the man was very great, and he had three thousand sheep, and a thousand goats: and he was shearing his sheep in Carmel."
Aspect6, 1 Samuel 26:3 "And Saul pitched in the hill of Hachilah, which is before Jeshimon, by the way. But David abode in the wilderness, and he saw that Saul came after him into the wilderness."
Aspect6, 1 Samuel 28:25 "And she brought it before Saul, and before his servants; and they did eat. Then they rose up, and went away that night."
Aspect6, 2 Samuel 10:13 "And Joab drew nigh, and the people that were with him, unto the battle against the Syrians: and they fled before him."
Aspect6, 2 Samuel 17:28 "Brought beds, and basins, and earthen vessels, and wheat, and barley, and flour, and parched corn, and beans, and lentils, and parched pulse,"
Aspect6, 2 Samuel 21:13 "And he brought up from thence the bones of Saul and the bones of Jonathan his son; and they gathered the bones of them that were hanged."
Aspect6, 1 Kings 2:40 "And Shimei arose, and saddled his ass, and went to Gath to Achish to seek his servants: and Shimei went, and brought his servants from Gath."
Aspect6, 1 Kings 4:32 "And he spake three thousand proverbs: and his songs were a thousand and five."
Aspect6, 1 Kings 5:16 "Beside the chief of Solomon's officers which were over the work, three thousand and three hundred, which ruled over the people that wrought in the work."
Aspect6, 1 Kings 9:18 "And Baalath, and Tadmor in the wilderness, in the land,"
Aspect6, 1 Kings 12:5 "And he said unto them, Depart yet for three days, then come again to me. And the people departed."
Aspect6, 2 Kings 9:10 "And the dogs shall eat Jezebel in the portion of Jezreel, and there shall be none to bury her. And he opened the door, and fled."
Aspect6, 2 Kings 14:4 "Howbeit the high places were not taken away: as yet the people did sacrifice and burnt incense on the high places."
Aspect6, 2 Kings 23:14 "And he brake in pieces the images, and cut down the groves, and filled their places with the bones of men."
Aspect6, 1 Chronicles 7:5 "And their brethren among all the families of Issachar were valiant men of might, reckoned in all by their genealogies fourscore and seven thousand."
Aspect6, 1 Chronicles 10:12 "They arose, all the valiant men, and took away the body of Saul, and the bodies of his sons, and brought them to Jabesh, and buried their bones under the oak in Jabesh, and fasted seven days."
Aspect6, 1 Chronicles 12:2 "They were armed with bows, and could use both the right hand and the left in hurling stones and shooting arrows out of a bow, even of Saul's brethren of Benjamin."
Aspect6, 1 Chronicles 12:25 "Of the children of Simeon, mighty men of valor for the war, seven thousand and one hundred."
Aspect6, 1 Chronicles 12:27 "And Jehoiada was the leader of the Aaronites, and with him were three thousand and seven hundred;"
Aspect6, 1 Chronicles 19:14 "So Joab and the people that were with him drew nigh before the Syrians unto the battle; and they fled before him."
Aspect6, 2 Chronicles 2:17 "And Solomon numbered all the strangers that were in the land of Israel, after the numbering wherewith David his father had numbered them; and they were found an hundred and fifty thousand and three thousand and six hundred."
Aspect6, 2 Chronicles 13:7 "And there are gathered unto him vain men, the children of Belial, and have strengthened themselves against Rehoboam the son of Solomon, when Rehoboam was young and tenderhearted, and could not withstand them."
Aspect6, 2 Chronicles 17:14 "And these are the numbers of them according to the house of their fathers: Of Judah, the captains of thousands; Adnah the chief, and with him mighty men of valor three hundred thousand."
Aspect6, 2 Chronicles 25:5 "Moreover Amaziah gathered Judah together, and made them captains over thousands, and captains over hundreds, according to the houses of their fathers, throughout all Judah and Benjamin: and he numbered them from twenty years old and above, and found them three hundred thousand choice men, able to go forth to war, that could handle spear and shield."
Aspect6, 2 Chronicles 29:34 "But the priests were too few, so that they could not flay all the burnt offerings: wherefore their brethren the Levites did help them, till the work was ended, and until the other priests had sanctified themselves: for the Levites were more upright in heart to sanctify themselves than the priests."
Aspect6, Ezra 2:9 "The children of Zaccai, seven hundred and threescore."
Aspect6, Ezra 2:20 "The children of Gibbar, ninety and five."
Aspect6, Ezra 2:25 "The children of Kirjatharim, Chephirah, and Beeroth, seven hundred and forty and three."
Aspect6, Ezra 2:33 "The children of Lod, Hadid, and Ono, seven hundred twenty and five."
Aspect6, Ezra 2:58 "All the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon's servants, were three hundred ninety and two."
Aspect6, Ezra 6:20 "For the priests and the Levites were purified together, all of them were pure, and killed the passover for all the children of the captivity, and for their brethren the priests, and for themselves."
Aspect6, Ezra 10:42 "Shallum, Amariah, and Joseph."
Aspect6, Nehemiah 7:14 "The children of Zaccai, seven hundred and threescore."
Aspect6, Nehemiah 7:18 "The children of Adonikam, six hundred threescore and seven."
Aspect6, Nehemiah 7:19 "The children of Bigvai, two thousand threescore and seven."
Aspect6, Nehemiah 7:25 "The children of Gibeon, ninety and five."
Aspect6, Nehemiah 7:37 "The children of Lod, Hadid, and Ono, seven hundred twenty and one."
Aspect6, Nehemiah 7:60 "All the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon's servants, were three hundred ninety and two."
Aspect6, Nehemiah 10:10 "And their brethren, Shebaniah, Hodijah, Kelita, Pelaiah, Hanan,"
Aspect6, Nehemiah 12:14 "Of Melicu, Jonathan; of Shebaniah, Joseph;"
Aspect6, Nehemiah 13:24 "And their children spake half in the speech of Ashdod, and could not speak in the Jews' language, but according to the language of each people."
Aspect6, Esther 2:20 "Esther had not yet shewed her kindred nor her people; as Mordecai had charged her: for Esther did the commandment of Mordecai, like as when she was brought up with him."
Aspect6, Job 8:4 "If thy children have sinned against him, and he have cast them away for their transgression;"
Aspect6, Job 8:12 "Whilst it is yet in his greenness, and not cut down, it withereth before any other herb."
Aspect6, Job 9:3 "If he will contend with him, he cannot answer him one of a thousand."
Aspect6, Job 9:29 "If I be wicked, why then labour I in vain?"
Aspect6, Job 15:20 "The wicked man travaileth with pain all his days, and the number of years is hidden to the oppressor."
Aspect6, Job 21:32 "Yet shall he be brought to the grave, and shall remain in the tomb."
Aspect6, Job 22:18 "Yet he filled their houses with good things: but the counsel of the wicked is far from me."
Aspect6, Job 24:23 "Though it be given him to be in safety, whereon he resteth; yet his eyes are upon their ways."
Aspect6, Job 27:7 "Let mine enemy be as the wicked, and he that riseth up against me as the unrighteous."
Aspect6, Job 32:1 "So these three men ceased to answer Job, because he was righteous in his own eyes."
Aspect6, Job 40:18 "His bones are as strong pieces of brass; his bones are like bars of iron."
Aspect6, Psalm 1:4 "The ungodly are not so: but are like the chaff which the wind driveth away."
Aspect6, Psalm 12:2 "They speak vanity every one with his neighbour: with flattering lips and with a double heart do they speak."
Aspect6, Psalm 22:14 "I am poured out like water, and all my bones are out of joint: my heart is like wax; it is melted in the midst of my bowels."
Aspect6, Psalm 36:1 "The transgression of the wicked saith within my heart, that there is no fear of God before his eyes."
Aspect6, Psalm 37:35 "I have seen the wicked in great power, and spreading himself like a green bay tree."
Aspect6, Psalm 37:38 "But the transgressors shall be destroyed together: the end of the wicked shall be cut off."
Aspect6, Psalm 65:7 "Which stilleth the noise of the seas, the noise of their waves, and the tumult of the people."
Aspect6, Psalm 73:7 "Their eyes stand out with fatness: they have more than heart could wish."
Aspect6, Psalm 74:14 "Thou brakest the heads of leviathan in pieces, and gavest him to be meat to the people inhabiting the wilderness."
Aspect6, Psalm 77:4 "Thou holdest mine eyes waking: I am so troubled that I cannot speak."
Aspect6, Psalm 78:17 "And they sinned yet more against him by provoking the most High in the wilderness."
Aspect6, Psalm 78:40 "How oft did they provoke him in the wilderness, and grieve him in the desert!"
Aspect6, Psalm 78:56 "Yet they tempted and provoked the most high God, and kept not his testimonies:"
Aspect6, Psalm 78:67 "Moreover he refused the tabernacle of Joseph, and chose not the tribe of Ephraim:"
Aspect6, Psalm 79:9 "Help us, O God of our salvation, for the glory of thy name: and deliver us, and purge away our sins, for thy name's sake."
Aspect6, Psalm 82:4 "Deliver the poor and needy: rid them out of the hand of the wicked."
Aspect6, Psalm 89:30 "If his children forsake my law, and walk not in my judgments;"
Aspect6, Psalm 102:6 "I am like a pelican of the wilderness: I am like an owl of the desert."
Aspect6, Psalm 105:40 "The people asked, and he brought quails, and satisfied them with the bread of heaven."
Aspect6, Psalm 106:45 "And he remembered for them his covenant, and repented according to the multitude of his mercies."
Aspect6, Psalm 107:41 "Yet setteth he the poor on high from affliction, and maketh him families like a flock."
Aspect6, Psalm 109:6 "Set thou a wicked man over him: and let Satan stand at his right hand."
Aspect6, Psalm 119:51 "The proud have had me greatly in derision: yet have I not declined from thy law."
Aspect6, Psalm 119:110 "The wicked have laid a snare for me: yet I erred not from thy precepts."
Aspect6, Psalm 144:4 "Man is like to vanity: his days are as a shadow that passeth away."
Aspect6, Proverbs 2:22 "But the wicked shall be cut off from the earth, and the transgressors shall be rooted out of it."
Aspect6, Proverbs 3:6 "In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy paths."
Aspect6, Proverbs 8:26 "While as yet he had not made the earth, nor the fields, nor the highest part of the dust of the world."
Aspect6, Proverbs 9:9 "Give instruction to a wise man, and he will be yet wiser: teach a just man, and he will increase in learning."
Aspect6, Proverbs 10:13 "In the lips of him that hath understanding wisdom is found: but a rod is for the back of him that is void of understanding."
Aspect6, Proverbs 10:25 "As the whirlwind passeth, so is the wicked no more: but the righteous is an everlasting foundation."
Aspect6, Proverbs 11:7 "When a wicked man dieth, his expectation shall perish: and the hope of unjust men perisheth."
Aspect6, Proverbs 14:8 "The wisdom of the prudent is to understand his way: but the folly of fools is deceit."
Aspect6, Proverbs 14:17 "He that is soon angry dealeth foolishly: and a man of wicked devices is hated."
Aspect6, Proverbs 14:24 "The crown of the wise is their riches: but the foolishness of fools is folly."
Aspect6, Proverbs 17:23 "A wicked man taketh a gift out of the bosom to pervert the ways of judgment."
Aspect6, Proverbs 21:4 "An high look, and a proud heart, and the plowing of the wicked, is sin."
Aspect6, Proverbs 21:29 "A wicked man hardeneth his face: but as for the upright, he directeth his way."
Aspect6, Proverbs 26:5 "Answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own conceit."
Aspect6, Proverbs 26:23 "Burning lips and a wicked heart are like a potsherd covered with silver dross."
Aspect6, Proverbs 27:24 "For riches are not for ever: and doth the crown endure to every generation?"
Aspect6, Proverbs 28:12 "When righteous men do rejoice, there is great glory: but when the wicked rise, a man is hidden."
Aspect6, Proverbs 28:15 "As a roaring lion, and a ranging bear; so is a wicked ruler over the poor people."
Aspect6, Proverbs 29:12 "If a ruler hearken to lies, all his servants are wicked."
Aspect6, Proverbs 29:22 "An angry man stirreth up strife, and a furious man aboundeth in transgression."
Aspect6, Proverbs 30:12 "There is a generation that are pure in their own eyes, and yet is not washed from their filthiness."
Aspect6, Ecclesiastes 1:15 "That which is crooked cannot be made straight: and that which is wanting cannot be numbered."
Aspect6, Ecclesiastes 2:19 "And who knoweth whether he shall be a wise man or a fool? yet shall he have rule over all my labour wherein I have laboured, and wherein I have shewed myself wise under the sun. This is also vanity."
Aspect6, Ecclesiastes 6:7 "All the labour of man is for his mouth, and yet the appetite is not filled."
Aspect6, Song of Solomon 2:1 "I am the rose of Sharon, and the lily of the valleys."
Aspect6, Song of Solomon 5:12 "His eyes are as the eyes of doves by the rivers of waters, washed with milk, and fitly set."
Aspect6, Isaiah 9:10 "The bricks are fallen down, but we will build with hewn stones: the sycomores are cut down, but we will change them into cedars."
Aspect6, Isaiah 28:11 "For with stammering lips and another tongue will he speak to this people."
Aspect6, Isaiah 33:9 "The earth mourneth and languisheth: Lebanon is ashamed and hewn down: Sharon is like a wilderness; and Bashan and Carmel shake off their fruits."
Aspect6, Isaiah 44:18 "They have not known nor understood: for he hath shut their eyes, that they cannot see; and their hearts, that they cannot understand."
Aspect6, Isaiah 53:7 "He was oppressed, and he was afflicted, yet he opened not his mouth: he is brought as a lamb to the slaughter, and as a sheep before her shearers is dumb, so he openeth not his mouth."
Aspect6, Isaiah 57:20 "But the wicked are like the troubled sea, when it cannot rest, whose waters cast up mire and dirt."
Aspect6, Isaiah 59:11 "We roar all like bears, and mourn sore like doves: we look for judgment, but there is none; for salvation, but it is far off from us."
Aspect6, Isaiah 62:9 "But they that have gathered it shall eat it, and praise the LORD; and they that have brought it together shall drink it in the courts of my holiness."
Aspect6, Isaiah 63:5 "And I looked, and there was none to help; and I wondered that there was none to uphold: therefore mine own arm brought salvation unto me; and my fury, it upheld me."
Aspect6, Isaiah 63:15 "Look down from heaven, and behold from the habitation of thy holiness and of thy glory: where is thy zeal and thy strength, the sounding of thy bowels and of thy mercies toward me? are they restrained?"
Aspect6, Jeremiah 2:32 "Can a maid forget her ornaments, or a bride her attire? yet my people have forgotten me days without number."
Aspect6, Jeremiah 9:5 "And they will deceive every one his neighbour, and will not speak the truth: they have taught their tongue to speak lies, and weary themselves to commit iniquity."
Aspect6, Jeremiah 23:21 "I have not sent these prophets, yet they ran: I have not spoken to them, yet they prophesied."
Aspect6, Jeremiah 48:6 "Flee, save your lives, and be like the heath in the wilderness."
Aspect6, Jeremiah 52:28 "This is the people whom Nebuchadrezzar carried away captive: in the seventh year three thousand Jews and three and twenty:"
Aspect6, Lamentations 3:32 "But though he cause grief, yet will he have compassion according to the multitude of his mercies."
Aspect6, Lamentations 3:48 "Mine eye runneth down with rivers of water for the destruction of the daughter of my people."
Aspect6, Lamentations 4:8 "Their visage is blacker than a coal; they are not known in the streets: their skin cleaveth to their bones; it is withered, it is become like a stick."
Aspect6, Lamentations 4:17 "As for us, our eyes as yet failed for our vain help: in our watching we have watched for a nation that could not save us."
Aspect6, Lamentations 4:19 "Our persecutors are swifter than the eagles of the heaven: they pursued us upon the mountains, they laid wait for us in the wilderness."
Aspect6, Lamentations 5:9 "We gat our bread with the peril of our lives because of the sword of the wilderness."
Aspect6, Lamentations 5:13 "They took the young men to grind, and the children fell under the wood."
Aspect6, Ezekiel 11:24 "Afterwards the spirit took me up, and brought me in a vision by the Spirit of God into Chaldea, to them of the captivity. So the vision that I had seen went up from me."
Aspect6, Ezekiel 18:5 "But if a man be just, and do that which is lawful and right,"
Aspect6, Ezekiel 23:5 "And Aholah played the harlot when she was mine; and she doted on her lovers, on the Assyrians her neighbours,"
Aspect6, Ezekiel 29:14 "And I will bring again the captivity of Egypt, and will cause them to return into the land of Pathros, into the land of their habitation; and they shall be there a base kingdom."
Aspect6, Ezekiel 33:15 "If the wicked restore the pledge, give again that he had robbed, walk in the statutes of life, without committing iniquity; he shall surely live, he shall not die."
Aspect6, Daniel 5:15 "And now the wise men, the astrologers, have been brought in before me, that they should read this writing, and make known unto me the interpretation thereof: but they could not shew the interpretation of the thing:"
Aspect6, Daniel 6:24 "And the king commanded, and they brought those men which had accused Daniel, and they cast them into the den of lions, them, their children, and their wives; and the lions had the mastery of them, and brake all their bones in pieces or ever they came at the bottom of the den."
Aspect6, Daniel 7:8 "I considered the horns, and, behold, there came up among them another little horn, before whom there were three of the first horns plucked up by the roots: and, behold, in this horn were eyes like the eyes of man, and a mouth speaking great things."
Aspect6, Daniel 12:10 "Many shall be purified, and made white, and tried; but the wicked shall do wickedly: and none of the wicked shall understand; but the wise shall understand."
Aspect6, Jonah 1:13 "Nevertheless the men rowed hard to bring it to the land; but they could not: for the sea wrought, and was tempestuous against them."
Aspect6, Jonah 4:1 "But it displeased Jonah exceedingly, and he was very angry."
Aspect6, Zephaniah 3:14 "Sing, O daughter of Zion; shout, O Israel; be glad and rejoice with all the heart, O daughter of Jerusalem."
Aspect6, Matthew 12:45 "Then goeth he, and taketh with himself seven other spirits more wicked than himself, and they enter in and dwell there: and the last state of that man is worse than the first. Even so shall it be also unto this wicked generation."
Aspect6, Matthew 13:6 "And when the sun was up, they were scorched; and because they had no root, they withered away."
Aspect6, Matthew 19:13 "Then were there brought unto him little children, that he should put his hands on them, and pray: and the disciples rebuked them."
Aspect6, Matthew 22:41 "While the Pharisees were gathered together, Jesus asked them,"
Aspect6, Matthew 27:3 "Then Judas, which had betrayed him, when he saw that he was condemned, repented himself, and brought again the thirty pieces of silver to the chief priests and elders,"
Aspect6, Mark 4:6 "But when the sun was up, it was scorched; and because it had no root, it withered away."
Aspect6, Mark 6:19 "Therefore Herodias had a quarrel against him, and would have killed him; but she could not:"
Aspect6, Mark 7:5 "Then the Pharisees and scribes asked him, Why walk not thy disciples according to the tradition of the elders, but eat bread with unwashen hands?"
Aspect6, Mark 8:4 "And his disciples answered him, From whence can a man satisfy these men with bread here in the wilderness?"
Aspect6, Mark 10:24 "And the disciples were astonished at his words. But Jesus answereth again, and saith unto them, Children, how hard is it for them that trust in riches to enter into the kingdom of God!"
Aspect6, Mark 15:5 "But Jesus yet answered nothing; so that Pilate marvelled."
Aspect6, Mark 15:17 "And they clothed him with purple, and platted a crown of thorns, and put it about his head,"
Aspect6, Luke 2:30 "For mine eyes have seen thy salvation,"
Aspect6, Luke 8:53 "And they laughed him to scorn, knowing that she was dead."
Aspect6, Luke 9:29 "And as he prayed, the fashion of his countenance was altered, and his raiment was white and glistering."
Aspect6, Luke 9:32 "But Peter and they that were with him were heavy with sleep: and when they were awake, they saw his glory, and the two men that stood with him."
Aspect6, Luke 15:13 "And not many days after the younger son gathered all together, and took his journey into a far country, and there wasted his substance with riotous living."
Aspect6, Luke 18:5 "Yet because this widow troubleth me, I will avenge her, lest by her continual coming she weary me."
Aspect6, John 6:13 "Therefore they gathered them together, and filled twelve baskets with the fragments of the five barley loaves, which remained over and above unto them that had eaten."
Aspect6, John 7:19 "Did not Moses give you the law, and yet none of you keepeth the law? Why go ye about to kill me?"
Aspect6, John 7:30 "Then they sought to take him: but no man laid hands on him, because his hour was not yet come."
Aspect6, John 16:12 "I have yet many things to say unto you, but ye cannot bear them now."
Aspect6, John 19:41 "Now in the place where he was crucified there was a garden; and in the garden a new sepulchre, wherein was never man yet laid."
Aspect6, Acts 3:11 "And as the lame man which was healed held Peter and John, all the people ran together unto them in the porch that is called Solomon's, greatly wondering."
Aspect6, Acts 4:14 "And beholding the man which was healed standing with them, they could say nothing against it."
Aspect6, Acts 4:20 "For we cannot but speak the things which we have seen and heard."
Aspect6, Acts 4:37 "Having land, sold it, and brought the money, and laid it at the apostles' feet."
Aspect6, Acts 5:26 "Then went the captain with the officers, and brought them without violence: for they feared the people, lest they should have been stoned."
Aspect6, Acts 5:37 "After this man rose up Judas of Galilee in the days of the taxing, and drew away much people after him: he also perished; and all, even as many as obeyed him, were dispersed."
Aspect6, Acts 9:23 "And after that many days were fulfilled, the Jews took counsel to kill him:"
Aspect6, Acts 13:31 "And he was seen many days of them which came up with him from Galilee to Jerusalem, who are his witnesses unto the people."
Aspect6, Acts 14:9 "The same heard Paul speak: who stedfastly beholding him, and perceiving that he had faith to be healed,"
Aspect6, Acts 25:4 "But Festus answered, that Paul should be kept at Caesarea, and that he himself would depart shortly thither."
Aspect6, Romans 7:6 "But now we are delivered from the law, that being dead wherein we were held; that we should serve in newness of spirit, and not in the oldness of the letter."
Aspect6, Romans 8:24 "For we are saved by hope: but hope that is seen is not hope: for what a man seeth, why doth he yet hope for?"
Aspect6, Romans 9:3 "For I could wish that myself were accursed from Christ for my brethren, my kinsmen according to the flesh:"
Aspect6, 1 Corinthians 12:20 "But now are they many members, yet but one body."
Aspect6, 1 Corinthians 14:38 "But if any man be ignorant, let him be ignorant."
Aspect6, 1 Corinthians 15:34 "Awake to righteousness, and sin not; for some have not the knowledge of God: I speak this to your shame."
Aspect6, 2 Corinthians 2:6 "Sufficient to such a man is this punishment, which was inflicted of many."
Aspect6, 2 Corinthians 3:7 "But if the ministration of death, written and engraven in stones, was glorious, so that the children of Israel could not stedfastly behold the face of Moses for the glory of his countenance; which glory was to be done away:"
Aspect6, 2 Corinthians 10:15 "Not boasting of things without our measure, that is, of other men's labours; but having hope, when your faith is increased, that we shall be enlarged by you according to our rule abundantly,"
Aspect6, 2 Corinthians 12:5 "Of such an one will I glory: yet of myself I will not glory, but in mine infirmities."
Aspect6, Galatians 2:16 "Knowing that a man is not justified by the works of the law, but by the faith of Jesus Christ, even we have believed in Jesus Christ, that we might be justified by the faith of Christ, and not by the works of the law: for by the works of the law shall no flesh be justified."
Aspect6, Galatians 3:15 "Brethren, I speak after the manner of men; Though it be but a man's covenant, yet if it be confirmed, no man disannulleth, or addeth thereto."
Aspect6, Galatians 5:11 "And I, brethren, if I yet preach circumcision, why do I yet suffer persecution? then is the offence of the cross ceased."
Aspect6, Philippians 1:17 "But the other of love, knowing that I am set for the defence of the gospel."
Aspect6, Philippians 2:20 "For I have no man likeminded, who will naturally care for your state."
Aspect6, 2 Thessalonians 3:15 "Yet count him not as an enemy, but admonish him as a brother."
Aspect6, Titus 3:11 "Knowing that he that is such is subverted, and sinneth, being condemned of himself."
Aspect6, Hebrews 4:15 "For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin."
Aspect6, Hebrews 9:5 "And over it the cherubims of glory shadowing the mercyseat; of which we cannot now speak particularly."
Aspect6, Hebrews 9:8 "The Holy Ghost this signifying, that the way into the holiest of all was not yet made manifest, while as the first tabernacle was yet standing:"
Aspect6, Hebrews 9:26 "For then must he often have suffered since the foundation of the world: but now once in the end of the world hath he appeared to put away sin by the sacrifice of himself."
Aspect6, James 1:3 "Knowing this, that the trying of your faith worketh patience."
Aspect6, 1 Peter 1:14 "As obedient children, not fashioning yourselves according to the former lusts in your ignorance:"
Aspect6, 1 Peter 5:9 "Whom resist stedfast in the faith, knowing that the same afflictions are accomplished in your brethren that are in the world."
Aspect6, 2 Peter 1:20 "Knowing this first, that no prophecy of the scripture is of any private interpretation."
Aspect6, Revelation 1:20 "The mystery of the seven stars which thou sawest in my right hand, and the seven golden candlesticks. The seven stars are the angels of the seven churches: and the seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches."
Aspect6, Revelation 2:1 "Unto the angel of the church of Ephesus write; These things saith he that holdeth the seven stars in his right hand, who walketh in the midst of the seven golden candlesticks;"
Aspect6, Revelation 12:3 "And there appeared another wonder in heaven; and behold a great red dragon, having seven heads and ten horns, and seven crowns upon his heads."
