Aspect14, Genesis 3:3 "But of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden, God hath said, Ye shall not eat of it, neither shall ye touch it, lest ye die."
Aspect14, Genesis 3:5 "For God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof, then your eyes shall be opened, and ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil."
Aspect14, Genesis 9:4 "But flesh with the life thereof, which is the blood thereof, shall ye not eat."
Aspect14, Genesis 18:8 "And he took butter, and milk, and the calf which he had dressed, and set it before them; and he stood by them under the tree, and they did eat."
Aspect14, Genesis 26:27 "And Isaac said unto them, Wherefore come ye to me, seeing ye hate me, and have sent me away from you?"
Aspect14, Genesis 31:6 "And ye know that with all my power I have served your father."
Aspect14, Genesis 32:19 "And so commanded he the second, and the third, and all that followed the droves, saying, On this manner shall ye speak unto Esau, when ye find him."
Aspect14, Genesis 34:10 "And ye shall dwell with us: and the land shall be before you; dwell and trade ye therein, and get you possessions therein."
Aspect14, Genesis 36:23 "And the children of Shobal were these; Alvan, and Manahath, and Ebal, Shepho, and Onam."
Aspect14, Genesis 36:27 "The children of Ezer are these; Bilhan, and Zaavan, and Akan."
Aspect14, Genesis 36:28 "The children of Dishan are these; Uz, and Aran."
Aspect14, Genesis 42:9 "And Joseph remembered the dreams which he dreamed of them, and said unto them, Ye are spies; to see the nakedness of the land ye are come."
Aspect14, Genesis 42:15 "Hereby ye shall be proved: By the life of Pharaoh ye shall not go forth hence, except your youngest brother come hither."
Aspect14, Genesis 42:16 "Send one of you, and let him fetch your brother, and ye shall be kept in prison, that your words may be proved, whether there be any truth in you: or else by the life of Pharaoh surely ye are spies."
Aspect14, Genesis 42:19 "If ye be true men, let one of your brethren be bound in the house of your prison: go ye, carry corn for the famine of your houses:"
Aspect14, Genesis 42:34 "And bring your youngest brother unto me: then shall I know that ye are no spies, but that ye are true men: so will I deliver you your brother, and ye shall traffic in the land."
Aspect14, Genesis 42:36 "And Jacob their father said unto them, Me have ye bereaved of my children: Joseph is not, and Simeon is not, and ye will take Benjamin away: all these things are against me."
Aspect14, Genesis 42:38 "And he said, My son shall not go down with you; for his brother is dead, and he is left alone: if mischief befall him by the way in the which ye go, then shall ye bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to the grave."
Aspect14, Genesis 43:5 "But if thou wilt not send him, we will not go down: for the man said unto us, Ye shall not see my face, except your brother be with you."
Aspect14, Genesis 43:14 "And God Almighty give you mercy before the man, that he may send away your other brother, and Benjamin. If I be bereaved of my children, I am bereaved."
Aspect14, Genesis 43:32 "And they set on for him by himself, and for them by themselves, and for the Egyptians, which did eat with him, by themselves: because the Egyptians might not eat bread with the Hebrews; for that is an abomination unto the Egyptians."
Aspect14, Genesis 44:15 "And Joseph said unto them, What deed is this that ye have done? wot ye not that such a man as I can certainly divine?"
Aspect14, Genesis 44:29 "And if ye take this also from me, and mischief befall him, ye shall bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to the grave."
Aspect14, Genesis 45:5 "Now therefore be not grieved, nor angry with yourselves, that ye sold me hither: for God did send me before you to preserve life."
Aspect14, Genesis 45:13 "And ye shall tell my father of all my glory in Egypt, and of all that ye have seen; and ye shall haste and bring down my father hither."
Aspect14, Genesis 47:24 "And it shall come to pass in the increase, that ye shall give the fifth part unto Pharaoh, and four parts shall be your own, for seed of the field, and for your food, and for them of your households, and for food for your little ones."
Aspect14, Genesis 50:21 "Now therefore fear ye not: I will nourish you, and your little ones. And he comforted them, and spake kindly unto them."
Aspect14, Genesis 50:25 "And Joseph took an oath of the children of Israel, saying, God will surely visit you, and ye shall carry up my bones from hence."
Aspect14, Exodus 1:17 "But the midwives feared God, and did not as the king of Egypt commanded them, but saved the men children alive."
Aspect14, Exodus 1:22 "And Pharaoh charged all his people, saying, Every son that is born ye shall cast into the river, and every daughter ye shall save alive."
Aspect14, Exodus 3:21 "And I will give this people favor in the sight of the Egyptians: and it shall come to pass, that, when ye go, ye shall not go empty."
Aspect14, Exodus 3:22 "But every woman shall borrow of her neighbor, and of her that sojourneth in her house, jewels of silver, and jewels of gold, and raiment: and ye shall put them upon your sons, and upon your daughters; and ye shall spoil the Egyptians."
Aspect14, Exodus 5:8 "And the tale of the bricks, which they did make heretofore, ye shall lay upon them; ye shall not diminish ought thereof: for they be idle; therefore they cry, saying, Let us go and sacrifice to our God."
Aspect14, Exodus 5:11 "Go ye, get you straw where ye can find it: yet not ought of your work shall be diminished."
Aspect14, Exodus 5:14 "And the officers of the children of Israel, which Pharaoh's taskmasters had set over them, were beaten, and demanded, Wherefore have ye not fulfilled your task in making brick both yesterday and to day, as heretofore?"
Aspect14, Exodus 5:17 "But he said, Ye are idle, ye are idle: therefore ye say, Let us go and do sacrifice to the LORD."
Aspect14, Exodus 5:18 "Go therefore now, and work; for there shall no straw be given you, yet shall ye deliver the tale of bricks."
Aspect14, Exodus 5:19 "And the officers of the children of Israel did see that they were in evil case, after it was said, Ye shall not minish ought from your bricks of your daily task."
Aspect14, Exodus 6:27 "These are they which spake to Pharaoh king of Egypt, to bring out the children of Israel from Egypt: these are that Moses and Aaron."
Aspect14, Exodus 8:28 "And Pharaoh said, I will let you go, that ye may sacrifice to the LORD your God in the wilderness; only ye shall not go very far away: entreat for me."
Aspect14, Exodus 10:11 "Not so: go now ye that are men, and serve the LORD; for that ye did desire. And they were driven out from Pharaoh's presence."
Aspect14, Exodus 11:7 "But against any of the children of Israel shall not a dog move his tongue, against man or beast: that ye may know how that the LORD doth put a difference between the Egyptians and Israel."
Aspect14, Exodus 12:5 "Your lamb shall be without blemish, a male of the first year: ye shall take it out from the sheep, or from the goats:"
Aspect14, Exodus 12:7 "And they shall take of the blood, and strike it on the two side posts and on the upper door post of the houses, wherein they shall eat it."
Aspect14, Exodus 12:8 "And they shall eat the flesh in that night, roast with fire, and unleavened bread; and with bitter herbs they shall eat it."
Aspect14, Exodus 12:9 "Eat not of it raw, nor sodden at all with water, but roast with fire; his head with his legs, and with the purtenance thereof."
Aspect14, Exodus 12:10 "And ye shall let nothing of it remain until the morning; and that which remaineth of it until the morning ye shall burn with fire."
Aspect14, Exodus 12:11 "And thus shall ye eat it; with your loins girded, your shoes on your feet, and your staff in your hand; and ye shall eat it in haste: it is the LORD's passover."
Aspect14, Exodus 12:13 "And the blood shall be to you for a token upon the houses where ye are: and when I see the blood, I will pass over you, and the plague shall not be upon you to destroy you, when I smite the land of Egypt."
Aspect14, Exodus 12:20 "Ye shall eat nothing leavened; in all your habitations shall ye eat unleavened bread."
Aspect14, Exodus 12:22 "And ye shall take a bunch of hyssop, and dip it in the blood that is in the basin, and strike the lintel and the two side posts with the blood that is in the basin; and none of you shall go out at the door of his house until the morning."
Aspect14, Exodus 12:26 "And it shall come to pass, when your children shall say unto you, What mean ye by this service?"
Aspect14, Exodus 12:27 "That ye shall say, It is the sacrifice of the LORD's passover, who passed over the houses of the children of Israel in Egypt, when he smote the Egyptians, and delivered our houses. And the people bowed the head and worshipped."
Aspect14, Exodus 14:13 "And Moses said unto the people, Fear ye not, stand still, and see the salvation of the LORD, which he will show to you to day: for the Egyptians whom ye have seen to day, ye shall see them again no more for ever."
Aspect14, Exodus 16:7 "And in the morning, then ye shall see the glory of the LORD; for that he heareth your murmurings against the LORD: and what are we, that ye murmur against us?"
Aspect14, Exodus 16:12 "I have heard the murmurings of the children of Israel: speak unto them, saying, At even ye shall eat flesh, and in the morning ye shall be filled with bread; and ye shall know that I am the LORD your God."
Aspect14, Exodus 19:5 "Now therefore, if ye will obey my voice indeed, and keep my covenant, then ye shall be a peculiar treasure unto me above all people: for all the earth is mine:"
Aspect14, Exodus 21:19 "If he rise again, and walk abroad upon his staff, then shall he that smote him be quit: only he shall pay for the loss of his time, and shall cause him to be thoroughly healed."
Aspect14, Exodus 22:31 "And ye shall be holy men unto me: neither shall ye eat any flesh that is torn of beasts in the field; ye shall cast it to the dogs."
Aspect14, Exodus 23:9 "Also thou shalt not oppress a stranger: for ye know the heart of a stranger, seeing ye were strangers in the land of Egypt."
Aspect14, Exodus 24:11 "And upon the nobles of the children of Israel he laid not his hand: also they saw God, and did eat and drink."
Aspect14, Exodus 25:3 "And this is the offering which ye shall take of them; gold, and silver, and brass,"
Aspect14, Exodus 30:9 "Ye shall offer no strange incense thereon, nor burnt sacrifice, nor meat offering; neither shall ye pour drink offering thereon."
Aspect14, Exodus 31:13 "Speak thou also unto the children of Israel, saying, Verily my sabbaths ye shall keep: for it is a sign between me and you throughout your generations; that ye may know that I am the LORD that doth sanctify you."
Aspect14, Exodus 32:20 "And he took the calf which they had made, and burnt it in the fire, and ground it to powder, and strewed it upon the water, and made the children of Israel drink of it."
Aspect14, Exodus 34:13 "But ye shall destroy their altars, break their images, and cut down their groves:"
Aspect14, Exodus 34:30 "And when Aaron and all the children of Israel saw Moses, behold, the skin of his face shone; and they were afraid to come nigh him."
Aspect14, Exodus 35:3 "Ye shall kindle no fire throughout your habitations upon the sabbath day."
Aspect14, Exodus 35:20 "And all the congregation of the children of Israel departed from the presence of Moses."
Aspect14, Exodus 36:12 "Fifty loops made he in one curtain, and fifty loops made he in the edge of the curtain which was in the coupling of the second: the loops held one curtain to another."
Aspect14, Exodus 36:17 "And he made fifty loops upon the uttermost edge of the curtain in the coupling, and fifty loops made he upon the edge of the curtain which coupleth the second."
Aspect14, Exodus 38:8 "And he made the laver of brass, and the foot of it of brass, of the lookingglasses of the women assembling, which assembled at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation."
Aspect14, Exodus 39:6 "And they wrought onyx stones inclosed in ouches of gold, graven, as signets are graven, with the names of the children of Israel."
Aspect14, Leviticus 2:12 "As for the oblation of the firstfruits, ye shall offer them unto the LORD: but they shall not be burnt on the altar for a sweet savor."
Aspect14, Leviticus 3:17 "It shall be a perpetual statute for your generations throughout all your dwellings, that ye eat neither fat nor blood."
Aspect14, Leviticus 7:23 "Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, Ye shall eat no manner of fat, of ox, or of sheep, or of goat."
Aspect14, Leviticus 7:24 "And the fat of the beast that dieth of itself, and the fat of that which is torn with beasts, may be used in any other use: but ye shall in no wise eat of it."
Aspect14, Leviticus 7:26 "Moreover ye shall eat no manner of blood, whether it be of fowl or of beast, in any of your dwellings."
Aspect14, Leviticus 7:32 "And the right shoulder shall ye give unto the priest for an heave offering of the sacrifices of your peace offerings."
Aspect14, Leviticus 8:33 "And ye shall not go out of the door of the tabernacle of the congregation in seven days, until the days of your consecration be at an end: for seven days shall he consecrate you."
Aspect14, Leviticus 8:35 "Therefore shall ye abide at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation day and night seven days, and keep the charge of the LORD, that ye die not: for so I am commanded."
Aspect14, Leviticus 9:3 "And unto the children of Israel thou shalt speak, saying, Take ye a kid of the goats for a sin offering; and a calf and a lamb, both of the first year, without blemish, for a burnt offering;"
Aspect14, Leviticus 10:7 "And ye shall not go out from the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, lest ye die: for the anointing oil of the LORD is upon you. And they did according to the word of Moses."
Aspect14, Leviticus 10:9 "Do not drink wine nor strong drink, thou, nor thy sons with thee, when ye go into the tabernacle of the congregation, lest ye die: it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations:"
Aspect14, Leviticus 10:10 "And that ye may put difference between holy and unholy, and between unclean and clean;"
Aspect14, Leviticus 10:11 "And that ye may teach the children of Israel all the statutes which the LORD hath spoken unto them by the hand of Moses."
Aspect14, Leviticus 10:13 "And ye shall eat it in the holy place, because it is thy due, and thy sons' due, of the sacrifices of the LORD made by fire: for so I am commanded."
Aspect14, Leviticus 11:2 "Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, These are the beasts which ye shall eat among all the beasts that are on the earth."
Aspect14, Leviticus 11:3 "Whatsoever parteth the hoof, and is cloven-footed, and cheweth the cud, among the beasts, that shall ye eat."
Aspect14, Leviticus 11:4 "Nevertheless these shall ye not eat of them that chew the cud, or of them that divide the hoof: as the camel, because he cheweth the cud, but divideth not the hoof; he is unclean unto you."
Aspect14, Leviticus 11:8 "Of their flesh shall ye not eat, and their carcass shall ye not touch; they are unclean to you."
Aspect14, Leviticus 11:9 "These shall ye eat of all that are in the waters: whatsoever hath fins and scales in the waters, in the seas, and in the rivers, them shall ye eat."
Aspect14, Leviticus 11:11 "They shall be even an abomination unto you; ye shall not eat of their flesh, but ye shall have their carcasses in abomination."
Aspect14, Leviticus 11:13 "And these are they which ye shall have in abomination among the fowls; they shall not be eaten, they are an abomination: the eagle, and the ossifrage, and the ospray,"
Aspect14, Leviticus 11:24 "And for these ye shall be unclean: whosoever toucheth the carcass of them shall be unclean until the even."
Aspect14, Leviticus 11:43 "Ye shall not make yourselves abominable with any creeping thing that creepeth, neither shall ye make yourselves unclean with them, that ye should be defiled thereby."
Aspect14, Leviticus 11:44 "For I am the LORD your God: ye shall therefore sanctify yourselves, and ye shall be holy; for I am holy: neither shall ye defile yourselves with any manner of creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth."
Aspect14, Leviticus 11:45 "For I am the LORD that bringeth you up out of the land of Egypt, to be your God: ye shall therefore be holy, for I am holy."
Aspect14, Leviticus 15:31 "Thus shall ye separate the children of Israel from their uncleanness; that they die not in their uncleanness, when they defile my tabernacle that is among them."
Aspect14, Leviticus 17:12 "Therefore I said unto the children of Israel, No soul of you shall eat blood, neither shall any stranger that sojourneth among you eat blood."
Aspect14, Leviticus 17:14 "For it is the life of all flesh; the blood of it is for the life thereof: therefore I said unto the children of Israel, Ye shall eat the blood of no manner of flesh: for the life of all flesh is the blood thereof: whosoever eateth it shall be cut off."
Aspect14, Leviticus 18:3 "After the doings of the land of Egypt, wherein ye dwelt, shall ye not do: and after the doings of the land of Canaan, whither I bring you, shall ye not do: neither shall ye walk in their ordinances."
Aspect14, Leviticus 18:24 "Defile not ye yourselves in any of these things: for in all these the nations are defiled which I cast out before you:"
Aspect14, Leviticus 18:26 "Ye shall therefore keep my statutes and my judgments, and shall not commit any of these abominations; neither any of your own nation, nor any stranger that sojourneth among you:"
Aspect14, Leviticus 18:30 "Therefore shall ye keep mine ordinance, that ye commit not any one of these abominable customs, which were committed before you, and that ye defile not yourselves therein: I am the LORD your God."
Aspect14, Leviticus 19:3 "Ye shall fear every man his mother, and his father, and keep my sabbaths: I am the LORD your God."
Aspect14, Leviticus 19:5 "And if ye offer a sacrifice of peace offerings unto the LORD, ye shall offer it at your own will."
Aspect14, Leviticus 19:23 "And when ye shall come into the land, and shall have planted all manner of trees for food, then ye shall count the fruit thereof as uncircumcised: three years shall it be as uncircumcised unto you: it shall not be eaten of."
Aspect14, Leviticus 19:26 "Ye shall not eat any thing with the blood: neither shall ye use enchantment, nor observe times."
Aspect14, Leviticus 19:33 "And if a stranger sojourn with thee in your land, ye shall not vex him."
Aspect14, Leviticus 19:35 "Ye shall do no unrighteousness in judgment, in meteyard, in weight, or in measure."
Aspect14, Leviticus 19:37 "Therefore shall ye observe all my statutes, and all my judgments, and do them: I am the LORD."
Aspect14, Leviticus 20:22 "Ye shall therefore keep all my statutes, and all my judgments, and do them: that the land, whither I bring you to dwell therein, spue you not out."
Aspect14, Leviticus 20:23 "And ye shall not walk in the manners of the nation, which I cast out before you: for they committed all these things, and therefore I abhorred them."
Aspect14, Leviticus 20:26 "And ye shall be holy unto me: for I the LORD am holy, and have severed you from other people, that ye should be mine."
Aspect14, Leviticus 22:19 "Ye shall offer at your own will a male without blemish, of the beeves, of the sheep, or of the goats."
Aspect14, Leviticus 22:20 "But whatsoever hath a blemish, that shall ye not offer: for it shall not be acceptable for you."
Aspect14, Leviticus 22:31 "Therefore shall ye keep my commandments, and do them: I am the LORD."
Aspect14, Leviticus 22:32 "Neither shall ye profane my holy name; but I will be hallowed among the children of Israel: I am the LORD which hallow you,"
Aspect14, Leviticus 23:7 "In the first day ye shall have an holy convocation: ye shall do no servile work therein."
Aspect14, Leviticus 23:8 "But ye shall offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD seven days: in the seventh day is an holy convocation: ye shall do no servile work therein."
Aspect14, Leviticus 23:12 "And ye shall offer that day when ye wave the sheaf an he lamb without blemish of the first year for a burnt offering unto the LORD."
Aspect14, Leviticus 23:14 "And ye shall eat neither bread, nor parched corn, nor green ears, until the selfsame day that ye have brought an offering unto your God: it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations in all your dwellings."
Aspect14, Leviticus 23:19 "Then ye shall sacrifice one kid of the goats for a sin offering, and two lambs of the first year for a sacrifice of peace offerings."
Aspect14, Leviticus 23:21 "And ye shall proclaim on the selfsame day, that it may be an holy convocation unto you: ye shall do no servile work therein: it shall be a statute for ever in all your dwellings throughout your generations."
Aspect14, Leviticus 23:24 "Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, In the seventh month, in the first day of the month, shall ye have a sabbath, a memorial of blowing of trumpets, an holy convocation."
Aspect14, Leviticus 23:25 "Ye shall do no servile work therein: but ye shall offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD."
Aspect14, Leviticus 23:31 "Ye shall do no manner of work: it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations in all your dwellings."
Aspect14, Leviticus 23:35 "On the first day shall be an holy convocation: ye shall do no servile work therein."
Aspect14, Leviticus 23:40 "And ye shall take you on the first day the boughs of goodly trees, branches of palm trees, and the boughs of thick trees, and willows of the brook; and ye shall rejoice before the LORD your God seven days."
Aspect14, Leviticus 23:42 "Ye shall dwell in booths seven days; all that are Israelites born shall dwell in booths:"
Aspect14, Leviticus 25:12 "For it is the jubilee; it shall be holy unto you: ye shall eat the increase thereof out of the field."
Aspect14, Leviticus 25:14 "And if thou sell ought unto thy neighbor, or buyest ought of thy neighbor's hand, ye shall not oppress one another:"
Aspect14, Leviticus 25:18 "Wherefore ye shall do my statutes, and keep my judgments, and do them; and ye shall dwell in the land in safety."
Aspect14, Leviticus 25:19 "And the land shall yield her fruit, and ye shall eat your fill, and dwell therein in safety."
Aspect14, Leviticus 25:20 "And if ye shall say, What shall we eat the seventh year? behold, we shall not sow, nor gather in our increase:"
Aspect14, Leviticus 25:22 "And ye shall sow the eighth year, and eat yet of old fruit until the ninth year; until her fruits come in ye shall eat of the old store."
Aspect14, Leviticus 25:24 "And in all the land of your possession ye shall grant a redemption for the land."
Aspect14, Leviticus 25:45 "Moreover of the children of the strangers that do sojourn among you, of them shall ye buy, and of their families that are with you, which they begat in your land: and they shall be your possession."
Aspect14, Leviticus 25:46 "And ye shall take them as an inheritance for your children after you, to inherit them for a possession; they shall be your bondmen for ever: but over your brethren the children of Israel, ye shall not rule one over another with rigor."
Aspect14, Leviticus 26:1 "Ye shall make you no idols nor graven image, neither rear you up a standing image, neither shall ye set up any image of stone in your land, to bow down unto it: for I am the LORD your God."
Aspect14, Leviticus 26:3 "If ye walk in my statutes, and keep my commandments, and do them;"
Aspect14, Leviticus 26:6 "And I will give peace in the land, and ye shall lie down, and none shall make you afraid: and I will rid evil beasts out of the land, neither shall the sword go through your land."
Aspect14, Leviticus 26:7 "And ye shall chase your enemies, and they shall fall before you by the sword."
Aspect14, Leviticus 26:12 "And I will walk among you, and will be your God, and ye shall be my people."
Aspect14, Leviticus 26:14 "But if ye will not hearken unto me, and will not do all these commandments;"
Aspect14, Leviticus 26:15 "And if ye shall despise my statutes, or if your soul abhor my judgments, so that ye will not do all my commandments, but that ye break my covenant:"
Aspect14, Leviticus 26:17 "And I will set my face against you, and ye shall be slain before your enemies: they that hate you shall reign over you; and ye shall flee when none pursueth you."
Aspect14, Leviticus 26:23 "And if ye will not be reformed by me by these things, but will walk contrary unto me;"
Aspect14, Leviticus 26:25 "And I will bring a sword upon you, that shall avenge the quarrel of my covenant: and when ye are gathered together within your cities, I will send the pestilence among you; and ye shall be delivered into the hand of the enemy."
Aspect14, Leviticus 26:29 "And ye shall eat the flesh of your sons, and the flesh of your daughters shall ye eat."
Aspect14, Leviticus 26:38 "And ye shall perish among the heathen, and the land of your enemies shall eat you up."
Aspect14, Numbers 4:18 "Cut ye not off the tribe of the families of the Kohathites from among the Levites:"
Aspect14, Numbers 4:32 "And the pillars of the court round about, and their sockets, and their pins, and their cords, with all their instruments, and with all their service: and by name ye shall reckon the instruments of the charge of their burden."
Aspect14, Numbers 5:3 "Both male and female shall ye put out, without the camp shall ye put them; that they defile not their camps, in the midst whereof I dwell."
Aspect14, Numbers 8:6 "Take the Levites from among the children of Israel, and cleanse them."
Aspect14, Numbers 8:19 "And I have given the Levites as a gift to Aaron and to his sons from among the children of Israel, to do the service of the children of Israel in the tabernacle of the congregation, and to make an atonement for the children of Israel: that there be no plague among the children of Israel, when the children of Israel come nigh unto the sanctuary."
Aspect14, Numbers 10:5 "When ye blow an alarm, then the camps that lie on the east parts shall go forward."
Aspect14, Numbers 10:6 "When ye blow an alarm the second time, then the camps that lie on the south side shall take their journey: they shall blow an alarm for their journeys."
Aspect14, Numbers 10:7 "But when the congregation is to be gathered together, ye shall blow, but ye shall not sound an alarm."
Aspect14, Numbers 10:9 "And if ye go to war in your land against the enemy that oppresseth you, then ye shall blow an alarm with the trumpets; and ye shall be remembered before the LORD your God, and ye shall be saved from your enemies."
Aspect14, Numbers 10:10 "Also in the day of your gladness, and in your solemn days, and in the beginnings of your months, ye shall blow with the trumpets over your burnt offerings, and over the sacrifices of your peace offerings; that they may be to you for a memorial before your God: I am the LORD your God."
Aspect14, Numbers 11:5 "We remember the fish, which we did eat in Egypt freely; the cucumbers, and the melons, and the leeks, and the onions, and the garlic:"
Aspect14, Numbers 11:18 "And say thou unto the people, Sanctify yourselves against to morrow, and ye shall eat flesh: for ye have wept in the ears of the LORD, saying, Who shall give us flesh to eat? for it was well with us in Egypt: therefore the LORD will give you flesh, and ye shall eat."
Aspect14, Numbers 11:19 "Ye shall not eat one day, nor two days, nor five days, neither ten days, nor twenty days;"
Aspect14, Numbers 13:20 "And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes."
Aspect14, Numbers 13:24 "The place was called the brook Eshcol, because of the cluster of grapes which the children of Israel cut down from thence."
Aspect14, Numbers 14:27 "How long shall I bear with this evil congregation, which murmur against me? I have heard the murmurings of the children of Israel, which they murmur against me."
Aspect14, Numbers 14:31 "But your little ones, which ye said should be a prey, them will I bring in, and they shall know the land which ye have despised."
Aspect14, Numbers 14:42 "Go not up, for the LORD is not among you; that ye be not smitten before your enemies."
Aspect14, Numbers 14:43 "For the Amalekites and the Canaanites are there before you, and ye shall fall by the sword: because ye are turned away from the LORD, therefore the LORD will not be with you."
Aspect14, Numbers 15:12 "According to the number that ye shall prepare, so shall ye do to every one according to their number."
Aspect14, Numbers 15:19 "Then it shall be, that, when ye eat of the bread of the land, ye shall offer up an heave offering unto the LORD."
Aspect14, Numbers 15:20 "Ye shall offer up a cake of the first of your dough for an heave offering: as ye do the heave offering of the threshingfloor, so shall ye heave it."
Aspect14, Numbers 15:26 "And it shall be forgiven all the congregation of the children of Israel, and the stranger that sojourneth among them; seeing all the people were in ignorance."
Aspect14, Numbers 15:29 "Ye shall have one law for him that sinneth through ignorance, both for him that is born among the children of Israel, and for the stranger that sojourneth among them."
Aspect14, Numbers 15:39 "And it shall be unto you for a fringe, that ye may look upon it, and remember all the commandments of the LORD, and do them; and that ye seek not after your own heart and your own eyes, after which ye use to go a whoring:"
Aspect14, Numbers 15:40 "That ye may remember, and do all my commandments, and be holy unto your God."
Aspect14, Numbers 16:4 "And when Moses heard it, he fell upon his face:"
Aspect14, Numbers 18:3 "And they shall keep thy charge, and the charge of all the tabernacle: only they shall not come nigh the vessels of the sanctuary and the altar, that neither they, nor ye also, die."
Aspect14, Numbers 18:5 "And ye shall keep the charge of the sanctuary, and the charge of the altar: that there be no wrath any more upon the children of Israel."
Aspect14, Numbers 18:22 "Neither must the children of Israel henceforth come nigh the tabernacle of the congregation, lest they bear sin, and die."
Aspect14, Numbers 18:28 "Thus ye also shall offer an heave offering unto the LORD of all your tithes, which ye receive of the children of Israel; and ye shall give thereof the LORD's heave offering to Aaron the priest."
Aspect14, Numbers 18:31 "And ye shall eat it in every place, ye and your households: for it is your reward for your service in the tabernacle of the congregation."
Aspect14, Numbers 18:32 "And ye shall bear no sin by reason of it, when ye have heaved from it the best of it: neither shall ye pollute the holy things of the children of Israel, lest ye die."
Aspect14, Numbers 20:5 "And wherefore have ye made us to come up out of Egypt, to bring us in unto this evil place? it is no place of seed, or of figs, or of vines, or of pomegranates; neither is there any water to drink."
Aspect14, Numbers 20:10 "And Moses and Aaron gathered the congregation together before the rock, and he said unto them, Hear now, ye rebels; must we fetch you water out of this rock?"
Aspect14, Numbers 20:12 "And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron, Because ye believed me not, to sanctify me in the eyes of the children of Israel, therefore ye shall not bring this congregation into the land which I have given them."
Aspect14, Numbers 20:24 "Aaron shall be gathered unto his people: for he shall not enter into the land which I have given unto the children of Israel, because ye rebelled against my word at the water of Meribah."
Aspect14, Numbers 26:62 "And those that were numbered of them were twenty and three thousand, all males from a month old and upward: for they were not numbered among the children of Israel, because there was no inheritance given them among the children of Israel."
Aspect14, Numbers 27:14 "For ye rebelled against my commandment in the desert of Zin, in the strife of the congregation, to sanctify me at the water before their eyes: that is the water of Meribah in Kadesh in the wilderness of Zin."
Aspect14, Numbers 28:18 "In the first day shall be an holy convocation; ye shall do no manner of servile work therein:"
Aspect14, Numbers 28:20 "And their meat offering shall be of flour mingled with oil: three tenth deals shall ye offer for a bullock, and two tenth deals for a ram;"
Aspect14, Numbers 28:23 "Ye shall offer these beside the burnt offering in the morning, which is for a continual burnt offering."
Aspect14, Numbers 28:25 "And on the seventh day ye shall have an holy convocation; ye shall do no servile work."
Aspect14, Numbers 28:26 "Also in the day of the firstfruits, when ye bring a new meat offering unto the LORD, after your weeks be out, ye shall have an holy convocation; ye shall do no servile work:"
Aspect14, Numbers 29:1 "And in the seventh month, on the first day of the month, ye shall have an holy convocation; ye shall do no servile work: it is a day of blowing the trumpets unto you."
Aspect14, Numbers 29:7 "And ye shall have on the tenth day of this seventh month an holy convocation; and ye shall afflict your souls: ye shall not do any work therein:"
Aspect14, Numbers 29:12 "And on the fifteenth day of the seventh month ye shall have an holy convocation; ye shall do no servile work, and ye shall keep a feast unto the LORD seven days:"
Aspect14, Numbers 29:35 "On the eighth day ye shall have a solemn assembly: ye shall do no servile work therein:"
Aspect14, Numbers 31:4 "Of every tribe a thousand, throughout all the tribes of Israel, shall ye send to the war."
Aspect14, Numbers 31:9 "And the children of Israel took all the women of Midian captives, and their little ones, and took the spoil of all their cattle, and all their flocks, and all their goods."
Aspect14, Numbers 31:23 "Every thing that may abide the fire, ye shall make it go through the fire, and it shall be clean: nevertheless it shall be purified with the water of separation: and all that abideth not the fire ye shall make go through the water."
Aspect14, Numbers 31:24 "And ye shall wash your clothes on the seventh day, and ye shall be clean, and afterward ye shall come into the camp."
Aspect14, Numbers 32:6 "And Moses said unto the children of Gad and to the children of Reuben, Shall your brethren go to war, and shall ye sit here?"
Aspect14, Numbers 32:7 "And wherefore discourage ye the heart of the children of Israel from going over into the land which the LORD hath given them?"
Aspect14, Numbers 32:15 "For if ye turn away from after him, he will yet again leave them in the wilderness; and ye shall destroy all this people."
Aspect14, Numbers 32:23 "But if ye will not do so, behold, ye have sinned against the LORD: and be sure your sin will find you out."
Aspect14, Numbers 32:29 "And Moses said unto them, If the children of Gad and the children of Reuben will pass with you over Jordan, every man armed to battle, before the LORD, and the land shall be subdued before you; then ye shall give them the land of Gilead for a possession:"
Aspect14, Numbers 33:52 "Then ye shall drive out all the inhabitants of the land from before you, and destroy all their pictures, and destroy all their molten images, and quite pluck down all their high places:"
Aspect14, Numbers 33:53 "And ye shall dispossess the inhabitants of the land, and dwell therein: for I have given you the land to possess it."
Aspect14, Numbers 33:54 "And ye shall divide the land by lot for an inheritance among your families: and to the more ye shall give the more inheritance, and to the fewer ye shall give the less inheritance: every man's inheritance shall be in the place where his lot falleth; according to the tribes of your fathers ye shall inherit."
Aspect14, Numbers 33:55 "But if ye will not drive out the inhabitants of the land from before you; then it shall come to pass, that those which ye let remain of them shall be pricks in your eyes, and thorns in your sides, and shall vex you in the land wherein ye dwell."
Aspect14, Numbers 34:6 "And as for the western border, ye shall even have the great sea for a border: this shall be your west border."
Aspect14, Numbers 34:10 "And ye shall point out your east border from Hazarenan to Shepham:"
Aspect14, Numbers 34:18 "And ye shall take one prince of every tribe, to divide the land by inheritance."
Aspect14, Numbers 35:6 "And among the cities which ye shall give unto the Levites there shall be six cities for refuge, which ye shall appoint for the manslayer, that he may flee thither: and to them ye shall add forty and two cities."
Aspect14, Numbers 35:8 "And the cities which ye shall give shall be of the possession of the children of Israel: from them that have many ye shall give many; but from them that have few ye shall give few: every one shall give of his cities unto the Levites according to his inheritance which he inheriteth."
Aspect14, Numbers 35:14 "Ye shall give three cities on this side Jordan, and three cities shall ye give in the land of Canaan, which shall be cities of refuge."
Aspect14, Numbers 35:31 "Moreover ye shall take no satisfaction for the life of a murderer, which is guilty of death: but he shall be surely put to death."
Aspect14, Numbers 35:33 "So ye shall not pollute the land wherein ye are: for blood it defileth the land: and the land cannot be cleansed of the blood that is shed therein, but by the blood of him that shed it."
Aspect14, Numbers 35:34 "Defile not therefore the land which ye shall inhabit, wherein I dwell: for I the LORD dwell among the children of Israel."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 1:17 "Ye shall not respect persons in judgment; but ye shall hear the small as well as the great; ye shall not be afraid of the face of man; for the judgment is God's: and the cause that is too hard for you, bring it unto me, and I will hear it."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 1:18 "And I commanded you at that time all the things which ye should do."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 1:26 "Notwithstanding ye would not go up, but rebelled against the commandment of the LORD your God:"
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 1:41 "Then ye answered and said unto me, We have sinned against the LORD, we will go up and fight, according to all that the LORD our God commanded us. And when ye had girded on every man his weapons of war, ye were ready to go up into the hill."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 1:46 "So ye abode in Kadesh many days, according unto the days that ye abode there."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 2:3 "Ye have compassed this mountain long enough: turn you northward."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 2:4 "And command thou the people, saying, Ye are to pass through the coast of your brethren the children of Esau, which dwell in Seir; and they shall be afraid of you: take ye good heed unto yourselves therefore:"
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 2:6 "Ye shall buy meat of them for money, that ye may eat; and ye shall also buy water of them for money, that ye may drink."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 2:19 "And when thou comest nigh over against the children of Ammon, distress them not, nor meddle with them: for I will not give thee of the land of the children of Ammon any possession; because I have given it unto the children of Lot for a possession."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 3:22 "Ye shall not fear them: for the LORD your God he shall fight for you."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 4:2 "Ye shall not add unto the word which I command you, neither shall ye diminish ought from it, that ye may keep the commandments of the LORD your God which I command you."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 4:5 "Behold, I have taught you statutes and judgments, even as the LORD my God commanded me, that ye should do so in the land whither ye go to possess it."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 4:12 "And the LORD spake unto you out of the midst of the fire: ye heard the voice of the words, but saw no similitude; only ye heard a voice."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 4:14 "And the LORD commanded me at that time to teach you statutes and judgments, that ye might do them in the land whither ye go over to possess it."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 4:22 "But I must die in this land, I must not go over Jordan: but ye shall go over, and possess that good land."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 4:25 "When thou shalt beget children, and children's children, and ye shall have remained long in the land, and shall corrupt yourselves, and make a graven image, or the likeness of any thing, and shall do evil in the sight of the LORD thy God, to provoke him to anger:"
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 4:26 "I call heaven and earth to witness against you this day, that ye shall soon utterly perish from off the land whereunto ye go over Jordan to possess it; ye shall not prolong your days upon it, but shall utterly be destroyed."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 4:28 "And there ye shall serve gods, the work of men's hands, wood and stone, which neither see, nor hear, nor eat, nor smell."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 5:23 "And it came to pass, when ye heard the voice out of the midst of the darkness, (for the mountain did burn with fire,) that ye came near unto me, even all the heads of your tribes, and your elders;"
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 5:32 "Ye shall observe to do therefore as the LORD your God hath commanded you: ye shall not turn aside to the right hand or to the left."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 5:33 "Ye shall walk in all the ways which the LORD your God hath commanded you, that ye may live, and that it may be well with you, and that ye may prolong your days in the land which ye shall possess."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 6:1 "Now these are the commandments, the statutes, and the judgments, which the LORD your God commanded to teach you, that ye might do them in the land whither ye go to possess it:"
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 6:14 "Ye shall not go after other gods, of the gods of the people which are round about you;"
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 6:16 "Ye shall not tempt the LORD your God, as ye tempted him in Massah."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 7:5 "But thus shall ye deal with them; ye shall destroy their altars, and break down their images, and cut down their groves, and burn their graven images with fire."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 8:1 "All the commandments which I command thee this day shall ye observe to do, that ye may live, and multiply, and go in and possess the land which the LORD sware unto your fathers."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 10:19 "Love ye therefore the stranger: for ye were strangers in the land of Egypt."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 11:8 "Therefore shall ye keep all the commandments which I command you this day, that ye may be strong, and go in and possess the land, whither ye go to possess it;"
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 11:11 "But the land, whither ye go to possess it, is a land of hills and valleys, and drinketh water of the rain of heaven:"
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 11:27 "A blessing, if ye obey the commandments of the LORD your God, which I command you this day:"
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 11:28 "And a curse, if ye will not obey the commandments of the LORD your God, but turn aside out of the way which I command you this day, to go after other gods, which ye have not known."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 11:31 "For ye shall pass over Jordan to go in to possess the land which the LORD your God giveth you, and ye shall possess it, and dwell therein."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 11:32 "And ye shall observe to do all the statutes and judgments which I set before you this day."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 12:2 "Ye shall utterly destroy all the places, wherein the nations which ye shall possess served their gods, upon the high mountains, and upon the hills, and under every green tree:"
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 12:3 "And ye shall overthrow their altars, and break their pillars, and burn their groves with fire; and ye shall hew down the graven images of their gods, and destroy the names of them out of that place."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 12:7 "And there ye shall eat before the LORD your God, and ye shall rejoice in all that ye put your hand unto, ye and your households, wherein the LORD thy God hath blessed thee."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 12:10 "But when ye go over Jordan, and dwell in the land which the LORD your God giveth you to inherit, and when he giveth you rest from all your enemies round about, so that ye dwell in safety;"
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 12:12 "And ye shall rejoice before the LORD your God, ye, and your sons, and your daughters, and your menservants, and your maidservants, and the Levite that is within your gates; forasmuch as he hath no part nor inheritance with you."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 12:16 "Only ye shall not eat the blood; ye shall pour it upon the earth as water."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 13:4 "Ye shall walk after the LORD your God, and fear him, and keep his commandments, and obey his voice, and ye shall serve him, and cleave unto him."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 14:1 "Ye are the children of the LORD your God: ye shall not cut yourselves, nor make any baldness between your eyes for the dead."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 14:4 "These are the beasts which ye shall eat: the ox, the sheep, and the goat,"
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 14:6 "And every beast that parteth the hoof, and cleaveth the cleft into two claws, and cheweth the cud among the beasts, that ye shall eat."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 14:8 "And the swine, because it divideth the hoof, yet cheweth not the cud, it is unclean unto you: ye shall not eat of their flesh, nor touch their dead carcass."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 14:9 "These ye shall eat of all that are in the waters: all that have fins and scales shall ye eat:"
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 14:10 "And whatsoever hath not fins and scales ye may not eat; it is unclean unto you."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 14:11 "Of all clean birds ye shall eat."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 14:12 "But these are they of which ye shall not eat: the eagle, and the ossifrage, and the ospray,"
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 14:20 "But of all clean fowls ye may eat."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 18:8 "They shall have like portions to eat, beside that which cometh of the sale of his patrimony."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 27:4 "Therefore it shall be when ye be gone over Jordan, that ye shall set up these stones, which I command you this day, in mount Ebal, and thou shalt plaster them with plaster."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 28:62 "And ye shall be left few in number, whereas ye were as the stars of heaven for multitude; because thou wouldest not obey the voice of the LORD thy God."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 29:6 "Ye have not eaten bread, neither have ye drunk wine or strong drink: that ye might know that I am the LORD your God."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 29:9 "Keep therefore the words of this covenant, and do them, that ye may prosper in all that ye do."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 29:10 "Ye stand this day all of you before the LORD your God; your captains of your tribes, your elders, and your officers, with all the men of Israel,"
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 29:16 "(For ye know how we have dwelt in the land of Egypt; and how we came through the nations which ye passed by;"
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 29:17 "And ye have seen their abominations, and their idols, wood and stone, silver and gold, which were among them:)"
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 30:18 "I denounce unto you this day, that ye shall surely perish, and that ye shall not prolong your days upon the land, whither thou passest over Jordan to go to possess it."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 31:13 "And that their children, which have not known any thing, may hear, and learn to fear the LORD your God, as long as ye live in the land whither ye go over Jordan to possess it."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 31:19 "Now therefore write ye this song for you, and teach it the children of Israel: put it in their mouths, that this song may be a witness for me against the children of Israel."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 31:29 "For I know that after my death ye will utterly corrupt yourselves, and turn aside from the way which I have commanded you; and evil will befall you in the latter days; because ye will do evil in the sight of the LORD, to provoke him to anger through the work of your hands."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 32:47 "For it is not a vain thing for you; because it is your life: and through this thing ye shall prolong your days in the land, whither ye go over Jordan to possess it."
Aspect14, Deuteronomy 32:51 "Because ye trespassed against me among the children of Israel at the waters of MeribahKadesh, in the wilderness of Zin; because ye sanctified me not in the midst of the children of Israel."
Aspect14, Joshua 2:10 "For we have heard how the LORD dried up the water of the Red sea for you, when ye came out of Egypt; and what ye did unto the two kings of the Amorites, that were on the other side Jordan, Sihon and Og, whom ye utterly destroyed."
Aspect14, Joshua 3:3 "And they commanded the people, saying, When ye see the ark of the covenant of the LORD your God, and the priests the Levites bearing it, then ye shall remove from your place, and go after it."
Aspect14, Joshua 3:4 "Yet there shall be a space between you and it, about two thousand cubits by measure: come not near unto it, that ye may know the way by which ye must go: for ye have not passed this way heretofore."
Aspect14, Joshua 3:8 "And thou shalt command the priests that bear the ark of the covenant, saying, When ye are come to the brink of the water of Jordan, ye shall stand still in Jordan."
Aspect14, Joshua 4:3 "And command ye them, saying, Take you hence out of the midst of Jordan, out of the place where the priests' feet stood firm, twelve stones, and ye shall carry them over with you, and leave them in the lodging place, where ye shall lodge this night."
Aspect14, Joshua 4:6 "That this may be a sign among you, that when your children ask their fathers in time to come, saying, What mean ye by these stones?"
Aspect14, Joshua 4:22 "Then ye shall let your children know, saying, Israel came over this Jordan on dry land."
Aspect14, Joshua 6:3 "And ye shall compass the city, all ye men of war, and go round about the city once. Thus shalt thou do six days."
Aspect14, Joshua 6:18 "And ye, in any wise keep yourselves from the accursed thing, lest ye make yourselves accursed, when ye take of the accursed thing, and make the camp of Israel a curse, and trouble it."
Aspect14, Joshua 7:12 "Therefore the children of Israel could not stand before their enemies, but turned their backs before their enemies, because they were accursed: neither will I be with you any more, except ye destroy the accursed from among you."
Aspect14, Joshua 8:8 "And it shall be, when ye have taken the city, that ye shall set the city on fire: according to the commandment of the LORD shall ye do. See, I have commanded you."
Aspect14, Joshua 9:23 "Now therefore ye are cursed, and there shall none of you be freed from being bondmen, and hewers of wood and drawers of water for the house of my God."
Aspect14, Joshua 11:18 "Joshua made war a long time with all those kings."
Aspect14, Joshua 20:9 "These were the cities appointed for all the children of Israel, and for the stranger that sojourneth among them, that whosoever killeth any person at unawares might flee thither, and not die by the hand of the avenger of blood, until he stood before the congregation."
Aspect14, Joshua 22:24 "And if we have not rather done it for fear of this thing, saying, In time to come your children might speak unto our children, saying, What have ye to do with the LORD God of Israel?"
Aspect14, Joshua 22:25 "For the LORD hath made Jordan a border between us and you, ye children of Reuben and children of Gad; ye have no part in the LORD: so shall your children make our children cease from fearing the LORD."
Aspect14, Joshua 22:27 "But that it may be a witness between us, and you, and our generations after us, that we might do the service of the LORD before him with our burnt offerings, and with our sacrifices, and with our peace offerings; that your children may not say to our children in time to come, Ye have no part in the LORD."
Aspect14, Joshua 22:31 "And Phinehas the son of Eleazar the priest said unto the children of Reuben, and to the children of Gad, and to the children of Manasseh, This day we perceive that the LORD is among us, because ye have not committed this trespass against the LORD: now ye have delivered the children of Israel out of the hand of the LORD."
Aspect14, Joshua 23:6 "Be ye therefore very courageous to keep and to do all that is written in the book of the law of Moses, that ye turn not aside therefrom to the right hand or to the left;"
Aspect14, Joshua 24:13 "And I have given you a land for which ye did not labor, and cities which ye built not, and ye dwell in them; of the vineyards and oliveyards which ye planted not do ye eat."
Aspect14, Judges 1:21 "And the children of Benjamin did not drive out the Jebusites that inhabited Jerusalem; but the Jebusites dwell with the children of Benjamin in Jerusalem unto this day."
Aspect14, Judges 2:2 "And ye shall make no league with the inhabitants of this land; ye shall throw down their altars: but ye have not obeyed my voice: why have ye done this?"
Aspect14, Judges 5:10 "Speak, ye that ride on white asses, ye that sit in judgment, and walk by the way."
Aspect14, Judges 6:31 "And Joash said unto all that stood against him, Will ye plead for Baal? will ye save him? he that will plead for him, let him be put to death whilst it is yet morning: if he be a god, let him plead for himself, because one hath cast down his altar."
Aspect14, Judges 9:16 "Now therefore, if ye have done truly and sincerely, in that ye have made Abimelech king, and if ye have dealt well with Jerubbaal and his house, and have done unto him according to the deserving of his hands;"
Aspect14, Judges 9:19 "If ye then have dealt truly and sincerely with Jerubbaal and with his house this day, then rejoice ye in Abimelech, and let him also rejoice in you:"
Aspect14, Judges 10:13 "Yet ye have forsaken me, and served other gods: wherefore I will deliver you no more."
Aspect14, Judges 10:14 "Go and cry unto the gods which ye have chosen; let them deliver you in the time of your tribulation."
Aspect14, Judges 10:17 "Then the children of Ammon were gathered together, and encamped in Gilead. And the children of Israel assembled themselves together, and encamped in Mizpeh."
Aspect14, Judges 10:18 "And the people and princes of Gilead said one to another, What man is he that will begin to fight against the children of Ammon? he shall be head over all the inhabitants of Gilead."
Aspect14, Judges 11:7 "And Jephthah said unto the elders of Gilead, Did not ye hate me, and expel me out of my father's house? and why are ye come unto me now when ye are in distress?"
Aspect14, Judges 11:8 "And the elders of Gilead said unto Jephthah, Therefore we turn again to thee now, that thou mayest go with us, and fight against the children of Ammon, and be our head over all the inhabitants of Gilead."
Aspect14, Judges 11:9 "And Jephthah said unto the elders of Gilead, If ye bring me home again to fight against the children of Ammon, and the LORD deliver them before me, shall I be your head?"
Aspect14, Judges 12:3 "And when I saw that ye delivered me not, I put my life in my hands, and passed over against the children of Ammon, and the LORD delivered them into my hand: wherefore then are ye come up unto me this day, to fight against me?"
Aspect14, Judges 18:10 "When ye go, ye shall come unto a people secure, and to a large land: for God hath given it into your hands; a place where there is no want of any thing that is in the earth."
Aspect14, Judges 18:24 "And he said, Ye have taken away my gods which I made, and the priest, and ye are gone away: and what have I more? and what is this that ye say unto me, What aileth thee?"
Aspect14, Judges 18:31 "And they set them up Micah's graven image, which he made, all the time that the house of God was in Shiloh."
Aspect14, Judges 20:7 "Behold, ye are all children of Israel; give here your advice and counsel."
Aspect14, Judges 20:13 "Now therefore deliver us the men, the children of Belial, which are in Gibeah, that we may put them to death, and put away evil from Israel. But the children of Benjamin would not hearken to the voice of their brethren the children of Israel."
Aspect14, Judges 20:24 "And the children of Israel came near against the children of Benjamin the second day."
Aspect14, Judges 21:11 "And this is the thing that ye shall do, Ye shall utterly destroy every male, and every woman that hath lain by man."
Aspect14, Judges 21:24 "And the children of Israel departed thence at that time, every man to his tribe and to his family, and they went out from thence every man to his inheritance."
Aspect14, Ruth 3:12 "And now it is true that I am thy near kinsman: howbeit there is a kinsman nearer than I."
Aspect14, 1 Samuel 4:9 "Be strong and quit yourselves like men, O ye Philistines, that ye be not servants unto the Hebrews, as they have been to you: quit yourselves like men, and fight."
Aspect14, 1 Samuel 6:3 "And they said, If ye send away the ark of the God of Israel, send it not empty; but in any wise return him a trespass offering: then ye shall be healed, and it shall be known to you why his hand is not removed from you."
Aspect14, 1 Samuel 6:5 "Wherefore ye shall make images of your emerods, and images of your mice that mar the land; and ye shall give glory unto the God of Israel: peradventure he will lighten his hand from off you, and from off your gods, and from off your land."
Aspect14, 1 Samuel 6:6 "Wherefore then do ye harden your hearts, as the Egyptians and Pharaoh hardened their hearts? when he had wrought wonderfully among them, did they not let the people go, and they departed?"
Aspect14, 1 Samuel 6:8 "And take the ark of the LORD, and lay it upon the cart; and put the jewels of gold, which ye return him for a trespass offering, in a coffer by the side thereof; and send it away, that it may go."
Aspect14, 1 Samuel 8:17 "He will take the tenth of your sheep: and ye shall be his servants."
Aspect14, 1 Samuel 8:18 "And ye shall cry out in that day because of your king which ye shall have chosen you; and the LORD will not hear you in that day."
Aspect14, 1 Samuel 9:13 "As soon as ye be come into the city, ye shall straightway find him, before he go up to the high place to eat: for the people will not eat until he come, because he doth bless the sacrifice; and afterwards they eat that be bidden. Now therefore get you up; for about this time ye shall find him."
Aspect14, 1 Samuel 10:19 "And ye have this day rejected your God, who himself saved you out of all your adversities and your tribulations; and ye have said unto him, Nay, but set a king over us. Now therefore present yourselves before the LORD by your tribes, and by your thousands."
Aspect14, 1 Samuel 12:12 "And when ye saw that Nahash the king of the children of Ammon came against you, ye said unto me, Nay; but a king shall reign over us: when the LORD your God was your king."
Aspect14, 1 Samuel 12:13 "Now therefore behold the king whom ye have chosen, and whom ye have desired! and, behold, the LORD hath set a king over you."
Aspect14, 1 Samuel 12:21 "And turn ye not aside: for then should ye go after vain things, which cannot profit nor deliver; for they are vain."
Aspect14, 1 Samuel 12:25 "But if ye shall still do wickedly, ye shall be consumed, both ye and your king."
Aspect14, 1 Samuel 14:18 "And Saul said unto Ahiah, Bring hither the ark of God. For the ark of God was at that time with the children of Israel."
Aspect14, 1 Samuel 15:6 "And Saul said unto the Kenites, Go, depart, get you down from among the Amalekites, lest I destroy you with them: for ye showed kindness to all the children of Israel, when they came up out of Egypt. So the Kenites departed from among the Amalekites."
Aspect14, 1 Samuel 17:6 "And he had greaves of brass upon his legs, and a target of brass between his shoulders."
Aspect14, 1 Samuel 17:51 "Therefore David ran, and stood upon the Philistine, and took his sword, and drew it out of the sheath thereof, and slew him, and cut off his head therewith. And when the Philistines saw their champion was dead, they fled."
Aspect14, 1 Samuel 23:21 "And Saul said, Blessed be ye of the LORD; for ye have compassion on me."
Aspect14, 1 Samuel 25:23 "And when Abigail saw David, she hasted, and lighted off the ass, and fell before David on her face, and bowed herself to the ground,"
Aspect14, 2 Samuel 10:14 "And when the children of Ammon saw that the Syrians were fled, then fled they also before Abishai, and entered into the city. So Joab returned from the children of Ammon, and came to Jerusalem."
Aspect14, 2 Samuel 11:15 "And he wrote in the letter, saying, Set ye Uriah in the forefront of the hottest battle, and retire ye from him, that he may be smitten, and die."
Aspect14, 2 Samuel 11:20 "And if so be that the king's wrath arise, and he say unto thee, Wherefore approached ye so nigh unto the city when ye did fight? knew ye not that they would shoot from the wall?"
Aspect14, 2 Samuel 12:26 "And Joab fought against Rabbah of the children of Ammon, and took the royal city."
Aspect14, 2 Samuel 14:2 "And Joab sent to Tekoah, and fetched thence a wise woman, and said unto her, I pray thee, feign thyself to be a mourner, and put on now mourning apparel, and anoint not thyself with oil, but be as a woman that had a long time mourned for the dead:"
Aspect14, 2 Samuel 15:10 "But Absalom sent spies throughout all the tribes of Israel, saying, As soon as ye hear the sound of the trumpet, then ye shall say, Absalom reigneth in Hebron."
Aspect14, 2 Samuel 19:10 "And Absalom, whom we anointed over us, is dead in battle. Now therefore why speak ye not a word of bringing the king back?"
Aspect14, 2 Samuel 19:12 "Ye are my brethren, ye are my bones and my flesh: wherefore then are ye the last to bring back the king?"
Aspect14, 1 Kings 9:6 "But if ye shall at all turn from following me, ye or your children, and will not keep my commandments and my statutes which I have set before you, but go and serve other gods, and worship them:"
Aspect14, 1 Kings 16:4 "Him that dieth of Baasha in the city shall the dogs eat; and him that dieth of his in the fields shall the fowls of the air eat."
Aspect14, 1 Kings 21:24 "Him that dieth of Ahab in the city the dogs shall eat; and him that dieth in the field shall the fowls of the air eat."
Aspect14, 2 Kings 3:17 "For thus saith the LORD, Ye shall not see wind, neither shall ye see rain; yet that valley shall be filled with water, that ye may drink, both ye, and your cattle, and your beasts."
Aspect14, 2 Kings 10:6 "Then he wrote a letter the second time to them, saying, If ye be mine, and if ye will hearken unto my voice, take ye the heads of the men your master's sons, and come to me to Jezreel by to morrow this time. Now the king's sons, being seventy persons, were with the great men of the city, which brought them up."
Aspect14, 2 Kings 10:13 "Jehu met with the brethren of Ahaziah king of Judah, and said, Who are ye? And they answered, We are the brethren of Ahaziah; and we go down to salute the children of the king and the children of the queen."
Aspect14, 2 Kings 10:36 "And the time that Jehu reigned over Israel in Samaria was twenty and eight years."
Aspect14, 2 Kings 11:8 "And ye shall compass the king round about, every man with his weapons in his hand: and he that cometh within the ranges, let him be slain: and be ye with the king as he goeth out and as he cometh in."
Aspect14, 2 Kings 17:22 "For the children of Israel walked in all the sins of Jeroboam which he did; they departed not from them;"
Aspect14, 2 Kings 17:36 "But the LORD, who brought you up out of the land of Egypt with great power and a stretched out arm, him shall ye fear, and him shall ye worship, and to him shall ye do sacrifice."
Aspect14, 2 Kings 17:37 "And the statutes, and the ordinances, and the law, and the commandment, which he wrote for you, ye shall observe to do for evermore; and ye shall not fear other gods."
Aspect14, 2 Kings 17:38 "And the covenant that I have made with you ye shall not forget; neither shall ye fear other gods."
Aspect14, 2 Kings 19:29 "And this shall be a sign unto thee, Ye shall eat this year such things as grow of themselves, and in the second year that which springeth of the same; and in the third year sow ye, and reap, and plant vineyards, and eat the fruits thereof."
Aspect14, 1 Chronicles 7:29 "And by the borders of the children of Manasseh, Bethshean and her towns, Taanach and her towns, Megiddo and her towns, Dor and her towns. In these dwelt the children of Joseph the son of Israel."
Aspect14, 1 Chronicles 15:4 "And David assembled the children of Aaron, and the Levites:"
Aspect14, 1 Chronicles 15:12 "And said unto them, Ye are the chief of the fathers of the Levites: sanctify yourselves, both ye and your brethren, that ye may bring up the ark of the LORD God of Israel unto the place that I have prepared for it."
Aspect14, 1 Chronicles 15:19 "So the singers, Heman, Asaph, and Ethan, were appointed to sound with cymbals of brass;"
Aspect14, 1 Chronicles 16:13 "O ye seed of Israel his servant, ye children of Jacob, his chosen ones."
Aspect14, 1 Chronicles 16:15 "Be ye mindful always of his covenant; the word which he commanded to a thousand generations;"
Aspect14, 1 Chronicles 19:6 "And when the children of Ammon saw that they had made themselves odious to David, Hanun and the children of Ammon sent a thousand talents of silver to hire them chariots and horsemen out of Mesopotamia, and out of Syriamaachah, and out of Zobah."
Aspect14, 1 Chronicles 24:17 "The one and twentieth to Jachin, the two and twentieth to Gamul,"
Aspect14, 2 Chronicles 7:19 "But if ye turn away, and forsake my statutes and my commandments, which I have set before you, and shall go and serve other gods, and worship them;"
Aspect14, 2 Chronicles 13:8 "And now ye think to withstand the kingdom of the LORD in the hand of the sons of David; and ye be a great multitude, and there are with your golden calves, which Jeroboam made you for gods."
Aspect14, 2 Chronicles 13:12 "And, behold, God himself is with us for our captain, and his priests with sounding trumpets to cry alarm against you. O children of Israel, fight ye not against the LORD God of your fathers; for ye shall not prosper."
Aspect14, 2 Chronicles 15:2 "And he went out to meet Asa, and said unto him, Hear ye me, Asa, and all Judah and Benjamin; The LORD is with you, while ye be with him; and if ye seek him, he will be found of you; but if ye forsake him, he will forsake you."
Aspect14, 2 Chronicles 15:7 "Be ye strong therefore, and let not your hands be weak: for your work shall be rewarded."
Aspect14, 2 Chronicles 20:16 "To morrow go ye down against them: behold, they come up by the cliff of Ziz; and ye shall find them at the end of the brook, before the wilderness of Jeruel."
Aspect14, 2 Chronicles 20:17 "Ye shall not need to fight in this battle: set yourselves, stand ye still, and see the salvation of the LORD with you, O Judah and Jerusalem: fear not, nor be dismayed; to morrow go out against them: for the LORD will be with you."
Aspect14, 2 Chronicles 23:4 "This is the thing that ye shall do; A third part of you entering on the sabbath, of the priests and of the Levites, shall be porters of the doors;"
Aspect14, 2 Chronicles 28:13 "And said unto them, Ye shall not bring in the captives hither: for whereas we have offended against the LORD already, ye intend to add more to our sins and to our trespass: for our trespass is great, and there is fierce wrath against Israel."
Aspect14, 2 Chronicles 30:7 "And be not ye like your fathers, and like your brethren, which trespassed against the LORD God of their fathers, who therefore gave them up to desolation, as ye see."
Aspect14, 2 Chronicles 30:9 "For if ye turn again unto the LORD, your brethren and your children shall find compassion before them that lead them captive, so that they shall come again into this land: for the LORD your God is gracious and merciful, and will not turn away his face from you, if ye return unto him."
Aspect14, Ezra 2:18 "The children of Jorah, an hundred and twelve."
Aspect14, Ezra 2:29 "The children of Nebo, fifty and two."
Aspect14, Ezra 4:18 "The letter which ye sent unto us hath been plainly read before me."
Aspect14, Ezra 4:22 "Take heed now that ye fail not to do this: why should damage grow to the hurt of the kings?"
Aspect14, Ezra 6:21 "And the children of Israel, which were come again out of captivity, and all such as had separated themselves unto them from the filthiness of the heathen of the land, to seek the LORD God of Israel, did eat,"
Aspect14, Ezra 8:29 "Watch ye, and keep them, until ye weigh them before the chief of the priests and the Levites, and chief of the fathers of Israel, at Jerusalem, in the chambers of the house of the LORD."
Aspect14, Ezra 10:32 "Benjamin, Malluch, and Shemariah."
Aspect14, Nehemiah 2:19 "But when Sanballat the Horonite, and Tobiah the servant, the Ammonite, and Geshem the Arabian, heard it, they laughed us to scorn, and despised us, and said, What is this thing that ye do? will ye rebel against the king?"
Aspect14, Nehemiah 4:20 "In what place therefore ye hear the sound of the trumpet, resort ye thither unto us: our God shall fight for us."
Aspect14, Nehemiah 5:9 "Also I said, It is not good that ye do: ought ye not to walk in the fear of our God because of the reproach of the heathen our enemies?"
Aspect14, Nehemiah 7:24 "The children of Hariph, an hundred and twelve."
Aspect14, Job 1:20 "Then Job arose, and rent his mantle, and shaved his head, and fell down upon the ground, and worshipped,"
Aspect14, Job 3:22 "Which rejoice exceedingly, and are glad, when they can find the grave?"
Aspect14, Job 6:21 "For now ye are nothing; ye see my casting down, and are afraid."
Aspect14, Job 6:26 "Do ye imagine to reprove words, and the speeches of one that is desperate, which are as wind?"
Aspect14, Job 6:27 "Yea, ye overwhelm the fatherless, and ye dig a pit for your friend."
Aspect14, Job 12:2 "No doubt but ye are the people, and wisdom shall die with you."
Aspect14, Job 13:2 "What ye know, the same do I know also: I am not inferior unto you."
Aspect14, Job 13:4 "But ye are forgers of lies, ye are all physicians of no value."
Aspect14, Job 13:5 "O that ye would altogether hold your peace! and it should be your wisdom."
Aspect14, Job 13:7 "Will ye speak wickedly for God? and talk deceitfully for him?"
Aspect14, Job 13:8 "Will ye accept his person? will ye contend for God?"
Aspect14, Job 13:9 "Is it good that he should search you out? or as one man mocketh another, do ye so mock him?"
Aspect14, Job 13:10 "He will surely reprove you, if ye do secretly accept persons."
Aspect14, Job 15:24 "Trouble and anguish shall make him afraid; they shall prevail against him, as a king ready to the battle."
Aspect14, Job 15:27 "Because he covereth his face with his fatness, and maketh collops of fat on his flanks."
Aspect14, Job 16:2 "I have heard many such things: miserable comforters are ye all."
Aspect14, Job 17:10 "But as for you all, do ye return, and come now: for I cannot find one wise man among you."
Aspect14, Job 18:2 "How long will it be ere ye make an end of words? mark, and afterwards we will speak."
Aspect14, Job 19:2 "How long will ye vex my soul, and break me in pieces with words?"
Aspect14, Job 19:3 "These ten times have ye reproached me: ye are not ashamed that ye make yourselves strange to me."
Aspect14, Job 19:5 "If indeed ye will magnify yourselves against me, and plead against me my reproach:"
Aspect14, Job 19:18 "Yea, young children despised me; I arose, and they spake against me."
Aspect14, Job 19:21 "Have pity upon me, have pity upon me, O ye my friends; for the hand of God hath touched me."
Aspect14, Job 19:22 "Why do ye persecute me as God, and are not satisfied with my flesh?"
Aspect14, Job 19:28 "But ye should say, Why persecute we him, seeing the root of the matter is found in me?"
Aspect14, Job 19:29 "Be ye afraid of the sword: for wrath bringeth the punishments of the sword, that ye may know there is a judgment."
Aspect14, Job 21:27 "Behold, I know your thoughts, and the devices which ye wrongfully imagine against me."
Aspect14, Job 21:28 "For ye say, Where is the house of the prince? and where are the dwelling places of the wicked?"
Aspect14, Job 21:29 "Have ye not asked them that go by the way? and do ye not know their tokens,"
Aspect14, Job 21:34 "How then comfort ye me in vain, seeing in your answers there remaineth falsehood?"
Aspect14, Job 24:19 "Drought and heat consume the snow waters: so doth the grave those which have sinned."
Aspect14, Job 27:12 "Behold, all ye yourselves have seen it; why then are ye thus altogether vain?"
Aspect14, Job 30:10 "They abhor me, they flee far from me, and spare not to spit in my face."
Aspect14, Job 31:8 "Then let me sow, and let another eat; yea, let my offspring be rooted out."
Aspect14, Job 32:13 "Lest ye should say, We have found out wisdom: God thrusteth him down, not man."
Aspect14, Job 34:2 "Hear my words, O ye wise men; and give ear unto me, ye that have knowledge."
Aspect14, Job 37:8 "Then the beasts go into dens, and remain in their places."
Aspect14, Job 41:27 "He esteemeth iron as straw, and brass as rotten wood."
Aspect14, Psalm 2:10 "Be wise now therefore, O ye kings: be instructed, ye judges of the earth."
Aspect14, Psalm 4:2 "O ye sons of men, how long will ye turn my glory into shame? how long will ye love vanity, and seek after leasing? Selah."
Aspect14, Psalm 11:1 "In the LORD put I my trust: how say ye to my soul, Flee as a bird to your mountain?"
Aspect14, Psalm 14:6 "Ye have shamed the counsel of the poor, because the LORD is his refuge."
Aspect14, Psalm 22:23 "Ye that fear the LORD, praise him; all ye the seed of Jacob, glorify him; and fear him, all ye the seed of Israel."
Aspect14, Psalm 24:7 "Lift up your heads, O ye gates; and be ye lift up, ye everlasting doors; and the King of glory shall come in."
Aspect14, Psalm 24:9 "Lift up your heads, O ye gates; even lift them up, ye everlasting doors; and the King of glory shall come in."
Aspect14, Psalm 32:9 "Be ye not as the horse, or as the mule, which have no understanding: whose mouth must be held in with bit and bridle, lest they come near unto thee."
Aspect14, Psalm 32:11 "Be glad in the LORD, and rejoice, ye righteous: and shout for joy, all ye that are upright in heart."
Aspect14, Psalm 34:9 "O fear the LORD, ye his saints: for there is no want to them that fear him."
Aspect14, Psalm 34:11 "Come, ye children, hearken unto me: I will teach you the fear of the LORD."
Aspect14, Psalm 47:1 "O clap your hands, all ye people; shout unto God with the voice of triumph."
Aspect14, Psalm 48:13 "Mark ye well her bulwarks, consider her palaces; that ye may tell it to the generation following."
Aspect14, Psalm 49:1 "Hear this, all ye people; give ear, all ye inhabitants of the world:"
Aspect14, Psalm 50:22 "Now consider this, ye that forget God, lest I tear you in pieces, and there be none to deliver."
Aspect14, Psalm 58:1 "Do ye indeed speak righteousness, O congregation? do ye judge uprightly, O ye sons of men?"
Aspect14, Psalm 58:2 "Yea, in heart ye work wickedness; ye weigh the violence of your hands in the earth."
Aspect14, Psalm 62:3 "How long will ye imagine mischief against a man? ye shall be slain all of you: as a bowing wall shall ye be, and as a tottering fence."
Aspect14, Psalm 62:8 "Trust in him at all times; ye people, pour out your heart before him: God is a refuge for us. Selah."
Aspect14, Psalm 66:8 "O bless our God, ye people, and make the voice of his praise to be heard:"
Aspect14, Psalm 68:13 "Though ye have lien among the pots, yet shall ye be as the wings of a dove covered with silver, and her feathers with yellow gold."
Aspect14, Psalm 68:16 "Why leap ye, ye high hills? this is the hill which God desireth to dwell in; yea, the LORD will dwell in it for ever."
Aspect14, Psalm 74:21 "O let not the oppressed return ashamed: let the poor and needy praise thy name."
Aspect14, Psalm 82:2 "How long will ye judge unjustly, and accept the persons of the wicked? Selah."
Aspect14, Psalm 82:6 "I have said, Ye are gods; and all of you are children of the most High."
Aspect14, Psalm 90:3 "Thou turnest man to destruction; and sayest, Return, ye children of men."
Aspect14, Psalm 91:16 "With long life will I satisfy him, and shew him my salvation."
Aspect14, Psalm 94:8 "Understand, ye brutish among the people: and ye fools, when will ye be wise?"
Aspect14, Psalm 97:7 "Confounded be all they that serve graven images, that boast themselves of idols: worship him, all ye gods."
Aspect14, Psalm 103:21 "Bless ye the LORD, all ye his hosts; ye ministers of his, that do his pleasure."
Aspect14, Psalm 105:6 "O ye seed of Abraham his servant, ye children of Jacob his chosen."
Aspect14, Psalm 113:9 "He maketh the barren woman to keep house, and to be a joyful mother of children. Praise ye the LORD."
Aspect14, Psalm 114:6 "Ye mountains, that ye skipped like rams; and ye little hills, like lambs?"
Aspect14, Psalm 117:1 "O praise the LORD, all ye nations: praise him, all ye people."
Aspect14, Psalm 119:115 "Depart from me, ye evildoers: for I will keep the commandments of my God."
Aspect14, Psalm 126:5 "They that sow in tears shall reap in joy."
Aspect14, Psalm 137:9 "Happy shall he be, that taketh and dasheth thy little ones against the stones."
Aspect14, Psalm 148:2 "Praise ye him, all his angels: praise ye him, all his hosts."
Aspect14, Psalm 148:3 "Praise ye him, sun and moon: praise him, all ye stars of light."
Aspect14, Psalm 148:4 "Praise him, ye heavens of heavens, and ye waters that be above the heavens."
Aspect14, Psalm 149:2 "Let Israel rejoice in him that made him: let the children of Zion be joyful in their King."
Aspect14, Psalm 150:1 "Praise ye the LORD. Praise God in his sanctuary: praise him in the firmament of his power."
Aspect14, Proverbs 1:22 "How long, ye simple ones, will ye love simplicity? and the scorners delight in their scorning, and fools hate knowledge?"
Aspect14, Proverbs 1:24 "Because I have called, and ye refused; I have stretched out my hand, and no man regarded;"
Aspect14, Proverbs 1:25 "But ye have set at nought all my counsel, and would none of my reproof:"
Aspect14, Proverbs 1:31 "Therefore shall they eat of the fruit of their own way, and be filled with their own devices."
Aspect14, Proverbs 4:1 "Hear, ye children, the instruction of a father, and attend to know understanding."
Aspect14, Proverbs 4:2 "For I give you good doctrine, forsake ye not my law."
Aspect14, Proverbs 5:7 "Hear me now therefore, O ye children, and depart not from the words of my mouth."
Aspect14, Proverbs 7:24 "Hearken unto me now therefore, O ye children, and attend to the words of my mouth."
Aspect14, Proverbs 8:5 "O ye simple, understand wisdom: and, ye fools, be ye of an understanding heart."
Aspect14, Proverbs 8:32 "Now therefore hearken unto me, O ye children: for blessed are they that keep my ways."
Aspect14, Ecclesiastes 2:25 "For who can eat, or who else can hasten hereunto, more than I?"
Aspect14, Ecclesiastes 3:4 "A time to weep, and a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a time to dance;"
Aspect14, Ecclesiastes 3:7 "A time to rend, and a time to sew; a time to keep silence, and a time to speak;"
Aspect14, Ecclesiastes 4:2 "Wherefore I praised the dead which are already dead more than the living which are yet alive."
Aspect14, Ecclesiastes 10:10 "If the iron be blunt, and he do not whet the edge, then must he put to more strength: but wisdom is profitable to direct."
Aspect14, Song of Solomon 2:7 "I charge you, O ye daughters of Jerusalem, by the roes, and by the hinds of the field, that ye stir not up, nor awake my love, till he please."
Aspect14, Song of Solomon 3:5 "I charge you, O ye daughters of Jerusalem, by the roes, and by the hinds of the field, that ye stir not up, nor awake my love, till he please."
Aspect14, Song of Solomon 5:8 "I charge you, O daughters of Jerusalem, if ye find my beloved, that ye tell him, that I am sick of love."
Aspect14, Song of Solomon 8:4 "I charge you, O daughters of Jerusalem, that ye stir not up, nor awake my love, until he please."
Aspect14, Isaiah 1:5 "Why should ye be stricken any more? ye will revolt more and more: the whole head is sick, and the whole heart faint."
Aspect14, Isaiah 1:19 "If ye be willing and obedient, ye shall eat the good of the land:"
Aspect14, Isaiah 1:20 "But if ye refuse and rebel, ye shall be devoured with the sword: for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken it."
Aspect14, Isaiah 1:29 "For they shall be ashamed of the oaks which ye have desired, and ye shall be confounded for the gardens that ye have chosen."
Aspect14, Isaiah 2:22 "Cease ye from man, whose breath is in his nostrils: for wherein is he to be accounted of ?"
Aspect14, Isaiah 3:10 "Say ye to the righteous, that it shall be well with him: for they shall eat the fruit of their doings."
Aspect14, Isaiah 3:15 "What mean ye that ye beat my people to pieces, and grind the faces of the poor? saith the Lord GOD of hosts."
Aspect14, Isaiah 6:9 "And he said, Go, and tell this people, Hear ye indeed, but understand not; and see ye indeed, but perceive not."
Aspect14, Isaiah 7:9 "And the head of Ephraim is Samaria, and the head of Samaria is Remaliah's son. If ye will not believe, surely ye shall not be established."
Aspect14, Isaiah 7:22 "And it shall come to pass, for the abundance of milk that they shall give he shall eat butter: for butter and honey shall every one eat that is left in the land."
Aspect14, Isaiah 8:9 "Associate yourselves, O ye people, and ye shall be broken in pieces; and give ear, all ye of far countries: gird yourselves, and ye shall be broken in pieces; gird yourselves, and ye shall be broken in pieces."
Aspect14, Isaiah 8:12 "Say ye not, A confederacy, to all them to whom this people shall say, A confederacy; neither fear ye their fear, nor be afraid."
Aspect14, Isaiah 9:20 "And he shall snatch on the right hand, and be hungry; and he shall eat on the left hand, and they shall not be satisfied: they shall eat every man the flesh of his own arm:"
Aspect14, Isaiah 10:3 "And what will ye do in the day of visitation, and in the desolation which shall come from far? to whom will ye flee for help? and where will ye leave your glory?"
Aspect14, Isaiah 12:3 "Therefore with joy shall ye draw water out of the wells of salvation."
Aspect14, Isaiah 16:7 "Therefore shall Moab howl for Moab, every one shall howl: for the foundations of Kirhareseth shall ye mourn; surely they are stricken."
Aspect14, Isaiah 18:3 "All ye inhabitants of the world, and dwellers on the earth, see ye, when he lifteth up an ensign on the mountains; and when he bloweth a trumpet, hear ye."
Aspect14, Isaiah 19:15 "Neither shall there be any work for Egypt, which the head or tail, branch or rush, may do."
Aspect14, Isaiah 21:5 "Prepare the table, watch in the watchtower, eat, drink: arise, ye princes, and anoint the shield."
Aspect14, Isaiah 21:12 "The watchman said, The morning cometh, and also the night: if ye will enquire, enquire ye: return, come."
Aspect14, Isaiah 21:13 "The burden upon Arabia. In the forest in Arabia shall ye lodge, O ye travelling companies of Dedanim."
Aspect14, Isaiah 22:10 "And ye have numbered the houses of Jerusalem, and the houses have ye broken down to fortify the wall."
Aspect14, Isaiah 22:11 "Ye made also a ditch between the two walls for the water of the old pool: but ye have not looked unto the maker thereof, neither had respect unto him that fashioned it long ago."
Aspect14, Isaiah 23:2 "Be still, ye inhabitants of the isle; thou whom the merchants of Zidon, that pass over the sea, have replenished."
Aspect14, Isaiah 23:6 "Pass ye over to Tarshish; howl, ye inhabitants of the isle."
Aspect14, Isaiah 23:14 "Howl, ye ships of Tarshish: for your strength is laid waste."
Aspect14, Isaiah 27:12 "And it shall come to pass in that day, that the LORD shall beat off from the channel of the river unto the stream of Egypt, and ye shall be gathered one by one, O ye children of Israel."
Aspect14, Isaiah 28:18 "And your covenant with death shall be disannulled, and your agreement with hell shall not stand; when the overflowing scourge shall pass through, then ye shall be trodden down by it."
Aspect14, Isaiah 29:1 "Woe to Ariel, to Ariel, the city where David dwelt! add ye year to year; let them kill sacrifices."
Aspect14, Isaiah 30:16 "But ye said, No; for we will flee upon horses; therefore shall ye flee: and, We will ride upon the swift; therefore shall they that pursue you be swift."
Aspect14, Isaiah 30:17 "One thousand shall flee at the rebuke of one; at the rebuke of five shall ye flee: till ye be left as a beacon upon the top of a mountain, and as an ensign on an hill."
Aspect14, Isaiah 30:21 "And thine ears shall hear a word behind thee, saying, This is the way, walk ye in it, when ye turn to the right hand, and when ye turn to the left."
Aspect14, Isaiah 31:6 "Turn ye unto him from whom the children of Israel have deeply revolted."
Aspect14, Isaiah 32:10 "Many days and years shall ye be troubled, ye careless women: for the vintage shall fail, the gathering shall not come."
Aspect14, Isaiah 32:11 "Tremble, ye women that are at ease; be troubled, ye careless ones: strip you, and make you bare, and gird sackcloth upon your loins."
Aspect14, Isaiah 32:20 "Blessed are ye that sow beside all waters, that send forth thither the feet of the ox and the ass."
Aspect14, Isaiah 33:4 "And your spoil shall be gathered like the gathering of the caterpiller: as the running to and fro of locusts shall he run upon them."
Aspect14, Isaiah 33:11 "Ye shall conceive chaff, ye shall bring forth stubble: your breath, as fire, shall devour you."
Aspect14, Isaiah 33:13 "Hear, ye that are far off, what I have done; and, ye that are near, acknowledge my might."
Aspect14, Isaiah 35:7 "And the parched ground shall become a pool, and the thirsty land springs of water: in the habitation of dragons, where each lay, shall be grass with reeds and rushes."
Aspect14, Isaiah 37:30 "And this shall be a sign unto thee, Ye shall eat this year such as groweth of itself; and the second year that which springeth of the same: and in the third year sow ye, and reap, and plant vineyards, and eat the fruit thereof."
Aspect14, Isaiah 40:1 "Comfort ye, comfort ye my people, saith your God."
Aspect14, Isaiah 40:18 "To whom then will ye liken God? or what likeness will ye compare unto him?"
Aspect14, Isaiah 40:21 "Have ye not known? have ye not heard? hath it not been told you from the beginning? have ye not understood from the foundations of the earth?"
Aspect14, Isaiah 40:25 "To whom then will ye liken me, or shall I be equal? saith the Holy One."
Aspect14, Isaiah 41:24 "Behold, ye are of nothing, and your work of nought: an abomination is he that chooseth you."
Aspect14, Isaiah 42:18 "Hear, ye deaf; and look, ye blind, that ye may see."
Aspect14, Isaiah 43:10 "Ye are my witnesses, saith the LORD, and my servant whom I have chosen: that ye may know and believe me, and understand that I am he: before me there was no God formed, neither shall there be after me."
Aspect14, Isaiah 43:12 "I have declared, and have saved, and I have shewed, when there was no strange god among you: therefore ye are my witnesses, saith the LORD, that I am God."
Aspect14, Isaiah 43:18 "Remember ye not the former things, neither consider the things of old."
Aspect14, Isaiah 44:3 "For I will pour water upon him that is thirsty, and floods upon the dry ground: I will pour my spirit upon thy seed, and my blessing upon thine offspring:"
Aspect14, Isaiah 44:8 "Fear ye not, neither be afraid: have not I told thee from that time, and have declared it? ye are even my witnesses. Is there a God beside me? yea, there is no God; I know not any."
Aspect14, Isaiah 45:21 "Tell ye, and bring them near; yea, let them take counsel together: who hath declared this from ancient time? who hath told it from that time? have not I the LORD? and there is no God else beside me; a just God and a Saviour; there is none beside me."
Aspect14, Isaiah 46:12 "Hearken unto me, ye stouthearted, that are far from righteousness:"
Aspect14, Isaiah 48:16 "Come ye near unto me, hear ye this; I have not spoken in secret from the beginning; from the time that it was, there am I: and now the Lord GOD, and his Spirit, hath sent me."
Aspect14, Isaiah 48:20 "Go ye forth of Babylon, flee ye from the Chaldeans, with a voice of singing declare ye, tell this, utter it even to the end of the earth; say ye, The LORD hath redeemed his servant Jacob."
Aspect14, Isaiah 50:11 "Behold, all ye that kindle a fire, that compass yourselves about with sparks: walk in the light of your fire, and in the sparks that ye have kindled. This shall ye have of mine hand; ye shall lie down in sorrow."
Aspect14, Isaiah 51:1 "Hearken to me, ye that follow after righteousness, ye that seek the LORD: look unto the rock whence ye are hewn, and to the hole of the pit whence ye are digged."
Aspect14, Isaiah 51:7 "Hearken unto me, ye that know righteousness, the people in whose heart is my law; fear ye not the reproach of men, neither be ye afraid of their revilings."
Aspect14, Isaiah 51:8 "For the moth shall eat them up like a garment, and the worm shall eat them like wool: but my righteousness shall be for ever, and my salvation from generation to generation."
Aspect14, Isaiah 52:11 "Depart ye, depart ye, go ye out from thence, touch no unclean thing; go ye out of the midst of her; be ye clean, that bear the vessels of the LORD."
Aspect14, Isaiah 52:12 "For ye shall not go out with haste, nor go by flight: for the LORD will go before you; and the God of Israel will be your rereward."
Aspect14, Isaiah 55:2 "Wherefore do ye spend money for that which is not bread? and your labour for that which satisfieth not? hearken diligently unto me, and eat ye that which is good, and let your soul delight itself in fatness."
Aspect14, Isaiah 55:6 "Seek ye the LORD while he may be found, call ye upon him while he is near:"
Aspect14, Isaiah 56:9 "All ye beasts of the field, come to devour, yea, all ye beasts in the forest."
Aspect14, Isaiah 57:3 "But draw near hither, ye sons of the sorceress, the seed of the adulterer and the whore."
Aspect14, Isaiah 57:4 "Against whom do ye sport yourselves? against whom make ye a wide mouth, and draw out the tongue? are ye not children of transgression, a seed of falsehood."
Aspect14, Isaiah 57:14 "And shall say, Cast ye up, cast ye up, prepare the way, take up the stumblingblock out of the way of my people."
Aspect14, Isaiah 58:4 "Behold, ye fast for strife and debate, and to smite with the fist of wickedness: ye shall not fast as ye do this day, to make your voice to be heard on high."
Aspect14, Isaiah 58:6 "Is not this the fast that I have chosen? to loose the bands of wickedness, to undo the heavy burdens, and to let the oppressed go free, and that ye break every yoke?"
Aspect14, Isaiah 61:6 "But ye shall be named the Priests of the LORD: men shall call you the Ministers of our God: ye shall eat the riches of the Gentiles, and in their glory shall ye boast yourselves."
Aspect14, Isaiah 61:7 "For your shame ye shall have double; and for confusion they shall rejoice in their portion: therefore in their land they shall possess the double: everlasting joy shall be unto them."
Aspect14, Isaiah 65:12 "Therefore will I number you to the sword, and ye shall all bow down to the slaughter: because when I called, ye did not answer; when I spake, ye did not hear; but did evil before mine eyes, and did choose that wherein I delighted not."
Aspect14, Isaiah 65:13 "Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD, Behold, my servants shall eat, but ye shall be hungry: behold, my servants shall drink, but ye shall be thirsty: behold, my servants shall rejoice, but ye shall be ashamed:"
Aspect14, Isaiah 65:18 "But be ye glad and rejoice for ever in that which I create: for, behold, I create Jerusalem a rejoicing, and her people a joy."
Aspect14, Isaiah 65:22 "They shall not build, and another inhabit; they shall not plant, and another eat: for as the days of a tree are the days of my people, and mine elect shall long enjoy the work of their hands."
Aspect14, Isaiah 66:10 "Rejoice ye with Jerusalem, and be glad with her, all ye that love her: rejoice for joy with her, all ye that mourn for her:"
Aspect14, Isaiah 66:11 "That ye may suck, and be satisfied with the breasts of her consolations; that ye may milk out, and be delighted with the abundance of her glory."
Aspect14, Isaiah 66:13 "As one whom his mother comforteth, so will I comfort you; and ye shall be comforted in Jerusalem."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 2:12 "Be astonished, O ye heavens, at this, and be horribly afraid, be ye very desolate, saith the LORD."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 2:29 "Wherefore will ye plead with me? ye all have transgressed against me, saith the LORD."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 3:22 "Return, ye backsliding children, and I will heal your backslidings. Behold, we come unto thee; for thou art the LORD our God."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 4:5 "Declare ye in Judah, and publish in Jerusalem; and say, Blow ye the trumpet in the land: cry, gather together, and say, Assemble yourselves, and let us go into the defenced cities."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 5:1 "Run ye to and fro through the streets of Jerusalem, and see now, and know, and seek in the broad places thereof, if ye can find a man, if there be any that executeth judgment, that seeketh the truth; and I will pardon it."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 5:17 "And they shall eat up thine harvest, and thy bread, which thy sons and thy daughters should eat: they shall eat up thy flocks and thine herds: they shall eat up thy vines and thy fig trees: they shall impoverish thy fenced cities, wherein thou trustedst, with the sword."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 5:19 "And it shall come to pass, when ye shall say, Wherefore doeth the LORD our God all these things unto us? then shalt thou answer them, Like as ye have forsaken me, and served strange gods in your land, so shall ye serve strangers in a land that is not your's."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 6:1 "O ye children of Benjamin, gather yourselves to flee out of the midst of Jerusalem, and blow the trumpet in Tekoa, and set up a sign of fire in Bethhaccerem: for evil appeareth out of the north, and great destruction."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 6:18 "Therefore hear, ye nations, and know, O congregation, what is among them."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 7:5 "For if ye throughly amend your ways and your doings; if ye throughly execute judgment between a man and his neighbour;"
Aspect14, Jeremiah 7:8 "Behold, ye trust in lying words, that cannot profit."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 7:9 "Will ye steal, murder, and commit adultery, and swear falsely, and burn incense unto Baal, and walk after other gods whom ye know not;"
Aspect14, Jeremiah 7:13 "And now, because ye have done all these works, saith the LORD, and I spake unto you, rising up early and speaking, but ye heard not; and I called you, but ye answered not;"
Aspect14, Jeremiah 11:2 "Hear ye the words of this covenant, and speak unto the men of Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem;"
Aspect14, Jeremiah 16:13 "Therefore will I cast you out of this land into a land that ye know not, neither ye nor your fathers; and there shall ye serve other gods day and night; where I will not shew you favour."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 22:10 "Weep ye not for the dead, neither bemoan him: but weep sore for him that goeth away: for he shall return no more, nor see his native country."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 22:26 "And I will cast thee out, and thy mother that bare thee, into another country, where ye were not born; and there shall ye die."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 25:7 "Yet ye have not hearkened unto me, saith the LORD; that ye might provoke me to anger with the works of your hands to your own hurt."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 25:21 "Edom, and Moab, and the children of Ammon,"
Aspect14, Jeremiah 25:26 "And all the kings of the north, far and near, one with another, and all the kingdoms of the world, which are upon the face of the earth: and the king of Sheshach shall drink after them."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 25:34 "Howl, ye shepherds, and cry; and wallow yourselves in the ashes, ye principal of the flock: for the days of your slaughter and of your dispersions are accomplished; and ye shall fall like a pleasant vessel."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 26:5 "To hearken to the words of my servants the prophets, whom I sent unto you, both rising up early, and sending them, but ye have not hearkened;"
Aspect14, Jeremiah 26:15 "But know ye for certain, that if ye put me to death, ye shall surely bring innocent blood upon yourselves, and upon this city, and upon the inhabitants thereof: for of a truth the LORD hath sent me unto you to speak all these words in your ears."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 27:9 "Therefore hearken not ye to your prophets, nor to your diviners, nor to your dreamers, nor to your enchanters, nor to your sorcerers, which speak unto you, saying, Ye shall not serve the king of Babylon:"
Aspect14, Jeremiah 27:15 "For I have not sent them, saith the LORD, yet they prophesy a lie in my name; that I might drive you out, and that ye might perish, ye, and the prophets that prophesy unto you."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 29:5 "Build ye houses, and dwell in them; and plant gardens, and eat the fruit of them;"
Aspect14, Jeremiah 29:12 "Then shall ye call upon me, and ye shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 29:13 "And ye shall seek me, and find me, when ye shall search for me with all your heart."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 29:20 "Hear ye therefore the word of the LORD, all ye of the captivity, whom I have sent from Jerusalem to Babylon:"
Aspect14, Jeremiah 29:28 "For therefore he sent unto us in Babylon, saying, This captivity is long: build ye houses, and dwell in them; and plant gardens, and eat the fruit of them."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 30:22 "And ye shall be my people, and I will be your God."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 32:5 "And he shall lead Zedekiah to Babylon, and there shall he be until I visit him, saith the LORD: though ye fight with the Chaldeans, ye shall not prosper."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 32:43 "And fields shall be bought in this land, whereof ye say, It is desolate without man or beast; it is given into the hand of the Chaldeans."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 34:15 "And ye were now turned, and had done right in my sight, in proclaiming liberty every man to his neighbour; and ye had made a covenant before me in the house which is called by my name:"
Aspect14, Jeremiah 35:7 "Neither shall ye build house, nor sow seed, nor plant vineyard, nor have any: but all your days ye shall dwell in tents; that ye may live many days in the land where ye be strangers."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 35:15 "I have sent also unto you all my servants the prophets, rising up early and sending them, saying, Return ye now every man from his evil way, and amend your doings, and go not after other gods to serve them, and ye shall dwell in the land which I have given to you and to your fathers: but ye have not inclined your ear, nor hearkened unto me."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 36:19 "Then said the princes unto Baruch, Go, hide thee, thou and Jeremiah; and let no man know where ye be."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 40:10 "As for me, behold, I will dwell at Mizpah, to serve the Chaldeans, which will come unto us: but ye, gather ye wine, and summer fruits, and oil, and put them in your vessels, and dwell in your cities that ye have taken."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 42:16 "Then it shall come to pass, that the sword, which ye feared, shall overtake you there in the land of Egypt, and the famine, whereof ye were afraid, shall follow close after you there in Egypt; and there ye shall die."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 42:18 "For thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; As mine anger and my fury hath been poured forth upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem; so shall my fury be poured forth upon you, when ye shall enter into Egypt: and ye shall be an execration, and an astonishment, and a curse, and a reproach; and ye shall see this place no more."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 42:19 "The LORD hath said concerning you, O ye remnant of Judah; Go ye not into Egypt: know certainly that I have admonished you this day."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 42:22 "Now therefore know certainly that ye shall die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence, in the place whither ye desire to go and to sojourn."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 43:12 "And I will kindle a fire in the houses of the gods of Egypt; and he shall burn them, and carry them away captives: and he shall array himself with the land of Egypt, as a shepherd putteth on his garment; and he shall go forth from thence in peace."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 44:8 "In that ye provoke me unto wrath with the works of your hands, burning incense unto other gods in the land of Egypt, whither ye be gone to dwell, that ye might cut yourselves off, and that ye might be a curse and a reproach among all the nations of the earth?"
Aspect14, Jeremiah 46:3 "Order ye the buckler and shield, and draw near to battle."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 46:14 "Declare ye in Egypt, and publish in Migdol, and publish in Noph and in Tahpanhes: say ye, Stand fast, and prepare thee; for the sword shall devour round about thee."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 48:17 "All ye that are about him, bemoan him; and all ye that know his name, say, How is the strong staff broken, and the beautiful rod!"
Aspect14, Jeremiah 49:8 "Flee ye, turn back, dwell deep, O inhabitants of Dedan; for I will bring the calamity of Esau upon him, the time that I will visit him."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 49:11 "Leave thy fatherless children, I will preserve them alive; and let thy widows trust in me."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 50:11 "Because ye were glad, because ye rejoiced, O ye destroyers of mine heritage, because ye are grown fat as the heifer at grass, and bellow as bulls;"
Aspect14, Jeremiah 50:38 "A drought is upon her waters; and they shall be dried up: for it is the land of graven images, and they are mad upon their idols."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 51:3 "Against him that bendeth let the archer bend his bow, and against him that lifteth himself up in his brigandine: and spare ye not her young men; destroy ye utterly all her host."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 51:45 "My people, go ye out of the midst of her, and deliver ye every man his soul from the fierce anger of the LORD."
Aspect14, Jeremiah 51:50 "Ye that have escaped the sword, go away, stand not still: remember the LORD afar off, and let Jerusalem come into your mind."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 6:8 "Yet will I leave a remnant, that ye may have some that shall escape the sword among the nations, when ye shall be scattered through the countries."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 9:5 "And to the others he said in mine hearing, Go ye after him through the city, and smite: let not your eye spare, neither have ye pity:"
Aspect14, Ezekiel 10:14 "And every one had four faces: the first face was the face of a cherub, and the second face was the face of a man, and the third the face of a lion, and the fourth the face of an eagle."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 11:6 "Ye have multiplied your slain in this city, and ye have filled the streets thereof with the slain."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 11:10 "Ye shall fall by the sword; I will judge you in the border of Israel; and ye shall know that I am the LORD."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 11:12 "And ye shall know that I am the LORD: for ye have not walked in my statutes, neither executed my judgments, but have done after the manners of the heathen that are round about you."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 13:7 "Have ye not seen a vain vision, and have ye not spoken a lying divination, whereas ye say, The LORD saith it; albeit I have not spoken?"
Aspect14, Ezekiel 13:14 "So will I break down the wall that ye have daubed with untempered morter, and bring it down to the ground, so that the foundation thereof shall be discovered, and it shall fall, and ye shall be consumed in the midst thereof: and ye shall know that I am the LORD."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 13:23 "Therefore ye shall see no more vanity, nor divine divinations: for I will deliver my people out of your hand: and ye shall know that I am the LORD."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 15:7 "And I will set my face against them; they shall go out from one fire, and another fire shall devour them; and ye shall know that I am the LORD, when I set my face against them."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 18:2 "What mean ye, that ye use this proverb concerning the land of Israel, saying, The fathers have eaten sour grapes, and the children's teeth are set on edge?"
Aspect14, Ezekiel 18:31 "Cast away from you all your transgressions, whereby ye have transgressed; and make you a new heart and a new spirit: for why will ye die, O house of Israel?"
Aspect14, Ezekiel 18:32 "For I have no pleasure in the death of him that dieth, saith the Lord GOD: wherefore turn yourselves, and live ye."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 20:31 "For when ye offer your gifts, when ye make your sons to pass through the fire, ye pollute yourselves with all your idols, even unto this day: and shall I be enquired of by you, O house of Israel? As I live, saith the Lord GOD, I will not be enquired of by you."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 20:39 "As for you, O house of Israel, thus saith the Lord GOD; Go ye, serve ye every one his idols, and hereafter also, if ye will not hearken unto me: but pollute ye my holy name no more with your gifts, and with your idols."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 20:43 "And there shall ye remember your ways, and all your doings, wherein ye have been defiled; and ye shall lothe yourselves in your own sight for all your evils that ye have committed."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 21:24 "Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because ye have made your iniquity to be remembered, in that your transgressions are discovered, so that in all your doings your sins do appear; because, I say, that ye are come to remembrance, ye shall be taken with the hand."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 22:21 "Yea, I will gather you, and blow upon you in the fire of my wrath, and ye shall be melted in the midst therof."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 23:49 "And they shall recompense your lewdness upon you, and ye shall bear the sins of your idols: and ye shall know that I am the Lord GOD."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 24:22 "And ye shall do as I have done: ye shall not cover your lips, nor eat the bread of men."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 24:23 "And your tires shall be upon your heads, and your shoes upon your feet: ye shall not mourn nor weep; but ye shall pine away for your iniquities, and mourn one toward another."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 33:20 "Yet ye say, The way of the Lord is not equal. O ye house of Israel, I will judge you every one after his ways."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 33:25 "Wherefore say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Ye eat with the blood, and lift up your eyes toward your idols, and shed blood: and shall ye possess the land?"
Aspect14, Ezekiel 33:26 "Ye stand upon your sword, ye work abomination, and ye defile every one his neighbour's wife: and shall ye possess the land?"
Aspect14, Ezekiel 34:3 "Ye eat the fat, and ye clothe you with the wool, ye kill them that are fed: but ye feed not the flock."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 34:4 "The diseased have ye not strengthened, neither have ye healed that which was sick, neither have ye bound up that which was broken, neither have ye brought again that which was driven away, neither have ye sought that which was lost; but with force and with cruelty have ye ruled them."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 34:18 "Seemeth it a small thing unto you to have eaten up the good pasture, but ye must tread down with your feet the residue of your pastures? and to have drunk of the deep waters, but ye must foul the residue with your feet?"
Aspect14, Ezekiel 34:19 "And as for my flock, they eat that which ye have trodden with your feet; and they drink that which ye have fouled with your feet."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 34:21 "Because ye have thrust with side and with shoulder, and pushed all the diseased with your horns, till ye have scattered them abroad;"
Aspect14, Ezekiel 36:25 "Then will I sprinkle clean water upon you, and ye shall be clean: from all your filthiness, and from all your idols, will I cleanse you."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 36:27 "And I will put my spirit within you, and cause you to walk in my statutes, and ye shall keep my judgments, and do them."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 36:28 "And ye shall dwell in the land that I gave to your fathers; and ye shall be my people, and I will be your God."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 36:31 "Then shall ye remember your own evil ways, and your doings that were not good, and shall lothe yourselves in your own sight for your iniquities and for your abominations."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 37:6 "And I will lay sinews upon you, and will bring up flesh upon you, and cover you with skin, and put breath in you, and ye shall live; and ye shall know that I am the LORD."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 39:18 "Ye shall eat the flesh of the mighty, and drink the blood of the princes of the earth, of rams, of lambs, and of goats, of bullocks, all of them fatlings of Bashan."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 39:19 "And ye shall eat fat till ye be full, and drink blood till ye be drunken, of my sacrifice which I have sacrificed for you."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 40:15 "And from the face of the gate of the entrance unto the face of the porch of the inner gate were fifty cubits."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 44:8 "And ye have not kept the charge of mine holy things: but ye have set keepers of my charge in my sanctuary for yourselves."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 45:6 "And ye shall appoint the possession of the city five thousand broad, and five and twenty thousand long, over against the oblation of the holy portion: it shall be for the whole house of Israel."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 45:10 "Ye shall have just balances, and a just ephah, and a just bath."
Aspect14, Ezekiel 45:13 "This is the oblation that ye shall offer; the sixth part of an ephah of an homer of wheat, and ye shall give the sixth part of an ephah of an homer of barley:"
Aspect14, Ezekiel 45:14 "Concerning the ordinance of oil, the bath of oil, ye shall offer the tenth part of a bath out of the cor, which is an homer of ten baths; for ten baths are an homer:"
Aspect14, Ezekiel 47:22 "And it shall come to pass, that ye shall divide it by lot for an inheritance unto you, and to the strangers that sojourn among you, which shall beget children among you: and they shall be unto you as born in the country among the children of Israel; they shall have inheritance with you among the tribes of Israel."
Aspect14, Daniel 1:12 "Prove thy servants, I beseech thee, ten days; and let them give us pulse to eat, and water to drink."
Aspect14, Daniel 2:5 "The king answered and said to the Chaldeans, The thing is gone from me: if ye will not make known unto me the dream, with the interpretation thereof, ye shall be cut in pieces, and your houses shall be made a dunghill."
Aspect14, Daniel 2:6 "But if ye shew the dream, and the interpretation thereof, ye shall receive of me gifts and rewards and great honour: therefore shew me the dream, and the interpretation thereof."
Aspect14, Daniel 2:8 "The king answered and said, I know of certainty that ye would gain the time, because ye see the thing is gone from me."
Aspect14, Daniel 2:9 "But if ye will not make known unto me the dream, there is but one decree for you: for ye have prepared lying and corrupt words to speak before me, till the time be changed: therefore tell me the dream, and I shall know that ye can shew me the interpretation thereof."
Aspect14, Daniel 2:46 "Then the king Nebuchadnezzar fell upon his face, and worshipped Daniel, and commanded that they should offer an oblation and sweet odours unto him."
Aspect14, Daniel 3:5 "That at what time ye hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, dulcimer, and all kinds of musick, ye fall down and worship the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king hath set up:"
Aspect14, Daniel 3:8 "Wherefore at that time certain Chaldeans came near, and accused the Jews."
Aspect14, Daniel 3:15 "Now if ye be ready that at what time ye hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and dulcimer, and all kinds of musick, ye fall down and worship the image which I have made; well: but if ye worship not, ye shall be cast the same hour into the midst of a burning fiery furnace; and who is that God that shall deliver you out of my hands?"
Aspect14, Daniel 8:23 "And in the latter time of their kingdom, when the transgressors are come to the full, a king of fierce countenance, and understanding dark sentences, shall stand up."
Aspect14, Daniel 11:29 "At the time appointed he shall return, and come toward the south; but it shall not be as the former, or as the latter."
Aspect14, Hosea 2:12 "And I will destroy her vines and her fig trees, whereof she hath said, These are my rewards that my lovers have given me: and I will make them a forest, and the beasts of the field shall eat them."
Aspect14, Hosea 4:18 "Their drink is sour: they have committed whoredom continually: her rulers with shame do love, Give ye."
Aspect14, Hosea 5:1 "Hear ye this, O priests; and hearken, ye house of Israel; and give ye ear, O house of the king; for judgment is toward you, because ye have been a snare on Mizpah, and a net spread upon Tabor."
Aspect14, Hosea 5:8 "Blow ye the cornet in Gibeah, and the trumpet in Ramah: cry aloud at Bethaven, after thee, O Benjamin."
Aspect14, Hosea 10:13 "Ye have plowed wickedness, ye have reaped iniquity; ye have eaten the fruit of lies: because thou didst trust in thy way, in the multitude of thy mighty men."
Aspect14, Joel 1:2 "Hear this, ye old men, and give ear, all ye inhabitants of the land. Hath this been in your days, or even in the days of your fathers?"
Aspect14, Joel 1:3 "Tell ye your children of it, and let your children tell their children, and their children another generation."
Aspect14, Joel 1:5 "Awake, ye drunkards, and weep; and howl, all ye drinkers of wine, because of the new wine; for it is cut off from your mouth."
Aspect14, Joel 1:11 "Be ye ashamed, O ye husbandmen; howl, O ye vinedressers, for the wheat and for the barley; because the harvest of the field is perished."
Aspect14, Joel 1:13 "Gird yourselves, and lament, ye priests: howl, ye ministers of the altar: come, lie all night in sackcloth, ye ministers of my God: for the meat offering and the drink offering is withholden from the house of your God."
Aspect14, Joel 2:22 "Be not afraid, ye beasts of the field: for the pastures of the wilderness do spring, for the tree beareth her fruit, the fig tree and the vine do yield their strength."
Aspect14, Joel 2:26 "And ye shall eat in plenty, and be satisfied, and praise the name of the LORD your God, that hath dealt wondrously with you: and my people shall never be ashamed."
Aspect14, Joel 3:4 "Yea, and what have ye to do with me, O Tyre, and Zidon, and all the coasts of Palestine? will ye render me a recompence? and if ye recompense me, swiftly and speedily will I return your recompence upon your own head;"
Aspect14, Joel 3:6 "The children also of Judah and the children of Jerusalem have ye sold unto the Grecians, that ye might remove them far from their border."
Aspect14, Joel 3:7 "Behold, I will raise them out of the place whither ye have sold them, and will return your recompence upon your own head:"
Aspect14, Amos 4:3 "And ye shall go out at the breaches, every cow at that which is before her; and ye shall cast them into the palace, saith the LORD."
Aspect14, Amos 4:5 "And offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving with leaven, and proclaim and publish the free offerings: for this liketh you, O ye children of Israel, saith the Lord GOD."
Aspect14, Amos 4:11 "I have overthrown some of you, as God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah, and ye were as a firebrand plucked out of the burning: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD."
Aspect14, Amos 5:4 "For thus saith the LORD unto the house of Israel, Seek ye me, and ye shall live:"
Aspect14, Amos 5:11 "Forasmuch therefore as your treading is upon the poor, and ye take from him burdens of wheat: ye have built houses of hewn stone, but ye shall not dwell in them; ye have planted pleasant vineyards, but ye shall not drink wine of them."
Aspect14, Amos 5:13 "Therefore the prudent shall keep silence in that time; for it is an evil time."
Aspect14, Amos 5:14 "Seek good, and not evil, that ye may live: and so the LORD, the God of hosts, shall be with you, as ye have spoken."
Aspect14, Amos 5:26 "But ye have borne the tabernacle of your Moloch and Chiun your images, the star of your god, which ye made to yourselves."
Aspect14, Amos 6:2 "Pass ye unto Calneh, and see; and from thence go ye to Hamath the great: then go down to Gath of the Philistines: be they better than these kingdoms? or their border greater than your border?"
Aspect14, Amos 6:3 "Ye that put far away the evil day, and cause the seat of violence to come near;"
Aspect14, Amos 6:12 "Shall horses run upon the rock? will one plow there with oxen? for ye have turned judgment into gall, and the fruit of righteousness into hemlock:"
Aspect14, Amos 6:13 "Ye which rejoice in a thing of nought, which say, Have we not taken to us horns by our own strength?"
Aspect14, Amos 9:7 "Are ye not as children of the Ethiopians unto me, O children of Israel? saith the LORD. Have not I brought up Israel out of the land of Egypt? and the Philistines from Caphtor, and the Syrians from Kir?"
Aspect14, Obadiah 1:16 "For as ye have drunk upon my holy mountain, so shall all the heathen drink continually, yea, they shall drink, and they shall swallow down, and they shall be as though they had not been."
Aspect14, Micah 1:10 "Declare ye it not at Gath, weep ye not at all: in the house of Aphrah roll thyself in the dust."
Aspect14, Micah 2:3 "Therefore thus saith the LORD; Behold, against this family do I devise an evil, from which ye shall not remove your necks; neither shall ye go haughtily: for this time is evil."
Aspect14, Micah 2:6 "Prophesy ye not, say they to them that prophesy: they shall not prophesy to them, that they shall not take shame."
Aspect14, Micah 2:9 "The women of my people have ye cast out from their pleasant houses; from their children have ye taken away my glory for ever."
Aspect14, Micah 3:6 "Therefore night shall be unto you, that ye shall not have a vision; and it shall be dark unto you, that ye shall not divine; and the sun shall go down over the prophets, and the day shall be dark over them."
Aspect14, Micah 6:16 "For the statutes of Omri are kept, and all the works of the house of Ahab, and ye walk in their counsels; that I should make thee a desolation, and the inhabitants thereof an hissing: therefore ye shall bear the reproach of my people."
Aspect14, Micah 7:5 "Trust ye not in a friend, put ye not confidence in a guide: keep the doors of thy mouth from her that lieth in thy bosom."
Aspect14, Habakkuk 1:5 "Behold ye among the heathen, and regard, and wonder marvelously: for I will work a work in your days which ye will not believe, though it be told you."
Aspect14, Zephaniah 2:3 "Seek ye the LORD, all ye meek of the earth, which have wrought his judgment; seek righteousness, seek meekness: it may be ye shall be hid in the day of the LORD's anger."
Aspect14, Zephaniah 2:12 "Ye Ethiopians also, ye shall be slain by my sword."
Aspect14, Haggai 1:4 "Is it time for you, O ye, to dwell in your cieled houses, and this house lie waste?"
Aspect14, Haggai 1:6 "Ye have sown much, and bring in little; ye eat, but ye have not enough; ye drink, but ye are not filled with drink; ye clothe you, but there is none warm; and he that earneth wages earneth wages to put it into a bag with holes."
Aspect14, Haggai 2:5 "According to the word that I covenanted with you when ye came out of Egypt, so my spirit remaineth among you: fear ye not."
Aspect14, Zechariah 7:6 "And when ye did eat, and when ye did drink, did not ye eat for yourselves, and drink for yourselves?"
Aspect14, Zechariah 8:13 "And it shall come to pass, that as ye were a curse among the heathen, O house of Judah, and house of Israel; so will I save you, and ye shall be a blessing: fear not, but let your hands be strong."
Aspect14, Zechariah 8:16 "These are the things that ye shall do; Speak ye every man the truth to his neighbour; execute the judgment of truth and peace in your gates:"
Aspect14, Zechariah 14:5 "And ye shall flee to the valley of the mountains; for the valley of the mountains shall reach unto Azal: yea, ye shall flee, like as ye fled from before the earthquake in the days of Uzziah king of Judah: and the LORD my God shall come, and all the saints with thee."
Aspect14, Malachi 1:7 "Ye offer polluted bread upon mine altar; and ye say, Wherein have we polluted thee? In that ye say, The table of the LORD is contemptible."
Aspect14, Malachi 1:8 "And if ye offer the blind for sacrifice, is it not evil? and if ye offer the lame and sick, is it not evil? offer it now unto thy governor; will he be pleased with thee, or accept thy person? saith the LORD of hosts."
Aspect14, Malachi 1:12 "But ye have profaned it, in that ye say, The table of the LORD is polluted; and the fruit thereof, even his meat, is contemptible."
Aspect14, Malachi 2:1 "And now, O ye priests, this commandment is for you."
Aspect14, Malachi 2:2 "If ye will not hear, and if ye will not lay it to heart, to give glory unto my name, saith the LORD of hosts, I will even send a curse upon you, and I will curse your blessings: yea, I have cursed them already, because ye do not lay it to heart."
Aspect14, Malachi 2:8 "But ye are departed out of the way; ye have caused many to stumble at the law; ye have corrupted the covenant of Levi, saith the LORD of hosts."
Aspect14, Malachi 2:13 "And this have ye done again, covering the altar of the LORD with tears, with weeping, and with crying out, insomuch that he regardeth not the offering any more, or receiveth it with good will at your hand."
Aspect14, Malachi 3:8 "Will a man rob God? Yet ye have robbed me. But ye say, Wherein have we robbed thee? In tithes and offerings."
Aspect14, Malachi 3:9 "Ye are cursed with a curse: for ye have robbed me, even this whole nation."
Aspect14, Malachi 3:11 "And I will rebuke the devourer for your sakes, and he shall not destroy the fruits of your ground; neither shall your vine cast her fruit before the time in the field, saith the LORD of hosts."
Aspect14, Malachi 3:18 "Then shall ye return, and discern between the righteous and the wicked, between him that serveth God and him that serveth him not."
Aspect14, Matthew 2:14 "When he arose, he took the young child and his mother by night, and departed into Egypt:"
Aspect14, Matthew 3:2 "And saying, Repent ye: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand."
Aspect14, Matthew 5:14 "Ye are the light of the world. A city that is set on an hill cannot be hid."
Aspect14, Matthew 5:45 "That ye may be the children of your Father which is in heaven: for he maketh his sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust."
Aspect14, Matthew 5:46 "For if ye love them which love you, what reward have ye? do not even the publicans the same?"
Aspect14, Matthew 5:47 "And if ye salute your brethren only, what do ye more than others? do not even the publicans so?"
Aspect14, Matthew 6:1 "Take heed that ye do not your alms before men, to be seen of them: otherwise ye have no reward of your Father which is in heaven."
Aspect14, Matthew 6:7 "But when ye pray, use not vain repetitions, as the heathen do: for they think that they shall be heard for their much speaking."
Aspect14, Matthew 6:8 "Be not ye therefore like unto them: for your Father knoweth what things ye have need of, before ye ask him."
Aspect14, Matthew 6:9 "After this manner therefore pray ye: Our Father which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name."
Aspect14, Matthew 6:25 "Therefore I say unto you, Take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink; nor yet for your body, what ye shall put on. Is not the life more than meat, and the body than raiment?"
Aspect14, Matthew 6:28 "And why take ye thought for raiment? Consider the lilies of the field, how they grow; they toil not, neither do they spin:"
Aspect14, Matthew 6:33 "But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you."
Aspect14, Matthew 7:1 "Judge not, that ye be not judged."
Aspect14, Matthew 7:2 "For with what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged: and with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you again."
Aspect14, Matthew 7:6 "Give not that which is holy unto the dogs, neither cast ye your pearls before swine, lest they trample them under their feet, and turn again and rend you."
Aspect14, Matthew 7:11 "If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your Father which is in heaven give good things to them that ask him?"
Aspect14, Matthew 7:12 "Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them: for this is the law and the prophets."
Aspect14, Matthew 7:16 "Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?"
Aspect14, Matthew 7:20 "Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them."
Aspect14, Matthew 8:12 "But the children of the kingdom shall be cast out into outer darkness: there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth."
Aspect14, Matthew 8:26 "And he saith unto them, Why are ye fearful, O ye of little faith? Then he arose, and rebuked the winds and the sea; and there was a great calm."
Aspect14, Matthew 10:7 "And as ye go, preach, saying, The kingdom of heaven is at hand."
Aspect14, Matthew 10:8 "Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils: freely ye have received, freely give."
Aspect14, Matthew 10:11 "And into whatsoever city or town ye shall enter, enquire who in it is worthy; and there abide till ye go thence."
Aspect14, Matthew 10:19 "But when they deliver you up, take no thought how or what ye shall speak: for it shall be given you in that same hour what ye shall speak."
Aspect14, Matthew 10:20 "For it is not ye that speak, but the Spirit of your Father which speaketh in you."
Aspect14, Matthew 10:22 "And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake: but he that endureth to the end shall be saved."
Aspect14, Matthew 10:27 "What I tell you in darkness, that speak ye in light: and what ye hear in the ear, that preach ye upon the housetops."
Aspect14, Matthew 10:31 "Fear ye not therefore, ye are of more value than many sparrows."
Aspect14, Matthew 11:4 "Jesus answered and said unto them, Go and shew John again those things which ye do hear and see:"
Aspect14, Matthew 11:17 "And saying, We have piped unto you, and ye have not danced; we have mourned unto you, and ye have not lamented."
Aspect14, Matthew 12:5 "Or have ye not read in the law, how that on the sabbath days the priests in the temple profane the sabbath, and are blameless?"
Aspect14, Matthew 12:7 "But if ye had known what this meaneth, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice, ye would not have condemned the guiltless."
Aspect14, Matthew 13:14 "And in them is fulfilled the prophecy of Esaias, which saith, By hearing ye shall hear, and shall not understand; and seeing ye shall see, and shall not perceive:"
Aspect14, Matthew 13:17 "For verily I say unto you, That many prophets and righteous men have desired to see those things which ye see, and have not seen them; and to hear those things which ye hear, and have not heard them."
Aspect14, Matthew 13:18 "Hear ye therefore the parable of the sower."
Aspect14, Matthew 13:30 "Let both grow together until the harvest: and in the time of harvest I will say to the reapers, Gather ye together first the tares, and bind them in bundles to burn them: but gather the wheat into my barn."
Aspect14, Matthew 15:5 "But ye say, Whosoever shall say to his father or his mother, It is a gift, by whatsoever thou mightest be profited by me;"
Aspect14, Matthew 15:6 "And honour not his father or his mother, he shall be free. Thus have ye made the commandment of God of none effect by your tradition."
Aspect14, Matthew 15:7 "Ye hypocrites, well did Esaias prophesy of you, saying,"
Aspect14, Matthew 15:38 "And they that did eat were four thousand men, beside women and children."
Aspect14, Matthew 16:3 "And in the morning, It will be foul weather to day: for the sky is red and lowering. O ye hypocrites, ye can discern the face of the sky; but can ye not discern the signs of the times?"
Aspect14, Matthew 16:8 "Which when Jesus perceived, he said unto them, O ye of little faith, why reason ye among yourselves, because ye have brought no bread?"
Aspect14, Matthew 16:9 "Do ye not yet understand, neither remember the five loaves of the five thousand, and how many baskets ye took up?"
Aspect14, Matthew 16:11 "How is it that ye do not understand that I spake it not to you concerning bread, that ye should beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees?"
Aspect14, Matthew 17:5 "While he yet spake, behold, a bright cloud overshadowed them: and behold a voice out of the cloud, which said, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased; hear ye him."
Aspect14, Matthew 17:6 "And when the disciples heard it, they fell on their face, and were sore afraid."
Aspect14, Matthew 18:3 "And said, Verily I say unto you, Except ye be converted, and become as little children, ye shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven."
Aspect14, Matthew 18:10 "Take heed that ye despise not one of these little ones; for I say unto you, That in heaven their angels do always behold the face of my Father which is in heaven."
Aspect14, Matthew 20:22 "But Jesus answered and said, Ye know not what ye ask. Are ye able to drink of the cup that I shall drink of, and to be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with? They say unto him, We are able."
Aspect14, Matthew 20:23 "And he saith unto them, Ye shall drink indeed of my cup, and be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with: but to sit on my right hand, and on my left, is not mine to give, but it shall be given to them for whom it is prepared of my Father."
Aspect14, Matthew 21:21 "Jesus answered and said unto them, Verily I say unto you, If ye have faith, and doubt not, ye shall not only do this which is done to the fig tree, but also if ye shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; it shall be done."
Aspect14, Matthew 21:22 "And all things, whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive."
Aspect14, Matthew 21:32 "For John came unto you in the way of righteousness, and ye believed him not: but the publicans and the harlots believed him: and ye, when ye had seen it, repented not afterward, that ye might believe him."
Aspect14, Matthew 22:9 "Go ye therefore into the highways, and as many as ye shall find, bid to the marriage."
Aspect14, Matthew 22:18 "But Jesus perceived their wickedness, and said, Why tempt ye me, ye hypocrites?"
Aspect14, Matthew 22:31 "But as touching the resurrection of the dead, have ye not read that which was spoken unto you by God, saying,"
Aspect14, Matthew 23:3 "All therefore whatsoever they bid you observe, that observe and do; but do not ye after their works: for they say, and do not."
Aspect14, Matthew 23:8 "But be not ye called Rabbi: for one is your Master, even Christ; and all ye are brethren."
Aspect14, Matthew 23:13 "But woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye shut up the kingdom of heaven against men: for ye neither go in yourselves, neither suffer ye them that are entering to go in."
Aspect14, Matthew 23:14 "Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye devour widows' houses, and for a pretence make long prayer: therefore ye shall receive the greater damnation."
Aspect14, Matthew 23:15 "Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye compass sea and land to make one proselyte, and when he is made, ye make him twofold more the child of hell than yourselves."
Aspect14, Matthew 23:17 "Ye fools and blind: for whether is greater, the gold, or the temple that sanctifieth the gold?"
Aspect14, Matthew 23:19 "Ye fools and blind: for whether is greater, the gift, or the altar that sanctifieth the gift?"
Aspect14, Matthew 23:23 "Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye pay tithe of mint and anise and cummin, and have omitted the weightier matters of the law, judgment, mercy, and faith: these ought ye to have done, and not to leave the other undone."
Aspect14, Matthew 23:24 "Ye blind guides, which strain at a gnat, and swallow a camel."
Aspect14, Matthew 23:27 "Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye are like unto whited sepulchres, which indeed appear beautiful outward, but are within full of dead men's bones, and of all uncleanness."
Aspect14, Matthew 23:28 "Even so ye also outwardly appear righteous unto men, but within ye are full of hypocrisy and iniquity."
Aspect14, Matthew 23:31 "Wherefore ye be witnesses unto yourselves, that ye are the children of them which killed the prophets."
Aspect14, Matthew 23:32 "Fill ye up then the measure of your fathers."
Aspect14, Matthew 23:33 "Ye serpents, ye generation of vipers, how can ye escape the damnation of hell?"
Aspect14, Matthew 23:34 "Wherefore, behold, I send unto you prophets, and wise men, and scribes: and some of them ye shall kill and crucify; and some of them shall ye scourge in your synagogues, and persecute them from city to city:"
Aspect14, Matthew 23:39 "For I say unto you, Ye shall not see me henceforth, till ye shall say, Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord."
Aspect14, Matthew 24:6 "And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars: see that ye be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet."
Aspect14, Matthew 24:9 "Then shall they deliver you up to be afflicted, and shall kill you: and ye shall be hated of all nations for my name's sake."
Aspect14, Matthew 24:15 "When ye therefore shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, stand in the holy place, (whoso readeth, let him understand:)"
Aspect14, Matthew 24:20 "But pray ye that your flight be not in the winter, neither on the sabbath day:"
Aspect14, Matthew 24:33 "So likewise ye, when ye shall see all these things, know that it is near, even at the doors."
Aspect14, Matthew 24:44 "Therefore be ye also ready: for in such an hour as ye think not the Son of man cometh."
Aspect14, Matthew 25:6 "And at midnight there was a cry made, Behold, the bridegroom cometh; go ye out to meet him."
Aspect14, Matthew 25:9 "But the wise answered, saying, Not so; lest there be not enough for us and you: but go ye rather to them that sell, and buy for yourselves."
Aspect14, Matthew 25:35 "For I was an hungred, and ye gave me meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me drink: I was a stranger, and ye took me in:"
Aspect14, Matthew 25:36 "Naked, and ye clothed me: I was sick, and ye visited me: I was in prison, and ye came unto me."
Aspect14, Matthew 25:42 "For I was an hungred, and ye gave me no meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me no drink:"
Aspect14, Matthew 25:43 "I was a stranger, and ye took me not in: naked, and ye clothed me not: sick, and in prison, and ye visited me not."
Aspect14, Matthew 25:45 "Then shall he answer them, saying, Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye did it not to one of the least of these, ye did it not to me."
Aspect14, Matthew 26:11 "For ye have the poor always with you; but me ye have not always."
Aspect14, Matthew 26:16 "And from that time he sought opportunity to betray him."
Aspect14, Matthew 26:31 "Then saith Jesus unto them, All ye shall be offended because of me this night: for it is written, I will smite the shepherd, and the sheep of the flock shall be scattered abroad."
Aspect14, Matthew 26:41 "Watch and pray, that ye enter not into temptation: the spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak."
Aspect14, Matthew 26:54 "But how then shall the scriptures be fulfilled, that thus it must be?"
Aspect14, Matthew 26:55 "In that same hour said Jesus to the multitudes, Are ye come out as against a thief with swords and staves for to take me? I sat daily with you teaching in the temple, and ye laid no hold on me."
Aspect14, Matthew 26:66 "What think ye? They answered and said, He is guilty of death."
Aspect14, Matthew 26:72 "And again he denied with an oath, I do not know the man."
Aspect14, Matthew 27:24 "When Pilate saw that he could prevail nothing, but that rather a tumult was made, he took water, and washed his hands before the multitude, saying, I am innocent of the blood of this just person: see ye to it."
Aspect14, Matthew 27:56 "Among which was Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James and Joses, and the mother of Zebedees children."
Aspect14, Matthew 27:65 "Pilate said unto them, Ye have a watch: go your way, make it as sure as ye can."
Aspect14, Matthew 28:5 "And the angel answered and said unto the women, Fear not ye: for I know that ye seek Jesus, which was crucified."
Aspect14, Matthew 28:7 "And go quickly, and tell his disciples that he is risen from the dead; and, behold, he goeth before you into Galilee; there shall ye see him: lo, I have told you."
Aspect14, Mark 1:15 "And saying, The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand: repent ye, and believe the gospel."
Aspect14, Mark 3:35 "For whosoever shall do the will of God, the same is my brother, and my sister, and mother."
Aspect14, Mark 4:13 "And he said unto them, Know ye not this parable? and how then will ye know all parables?"
Aspect14, Mark 4:24 "And he said unto them, Take heed what ye hear: with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you: and unto you that hear shall more be given."
Aspect14, Mark 4:40 "And he said unto them, Why are ye so fearful? how is it that ye have no faith?"
Aspect14, Mark 6:11 "And whosoever shall not receive you, nor hear you, when ye depart thence, shake off the dust under your feet for a testimony against them. Verily I say unto you, It shall be more tolerable for Sodom and Gomorrha in the day of judgment, than for that city."
Aspect14, Mark 6:37 "He answered and said unto them, Give ye them to eat. And they say unto him, Shall we go and buy two hundred pennyworth of bread, and give them to eat?"
Aspect14, Mark 6:42 "And they did all eat, and were filled."
Aspect14, Mark 7:8 "For laying aside the commandment of God, ye hold the tradition of men, as the washing of pots and cups: and many other such like things ye do."
Aspect14, Mark 7:9 "And he said unto them, Full well ye reject the commandment of God, that ye may keep your own tradition."
Aspect14, Mark 7:11 "But ye say, If a man shall say to his father or mother, It is Corban, that is to say, a gift, by whatsoever thou mightest be profited by me; he shall be free."
Aspect14, Mark 7:12 "And ye suffer him no more to do ought for his father or his mother;"
Aspect14, Mark 7:13 "Making the word of God of none effect through your tradition, which ye have delivered: and many such like things do ye."
Aspect14, Mark 7:18 "And he saith unto them, Are ye so without understanding also? Do ye not perceive, that whatsoever thing from without entereth into the man, it cannot defile him;"
Aspect14, Mark 8:2 "I have compassion on the multitude, because they have now been with me three days, and have nothing to eat:"
Aspect14, Mark 8:17 "And when Jesus knew it, he saith unto them, Why reason ye, because ye have no bread? perceive ye not yet, neither understand? have ye your heart yet hardened?"
Aspect14, Mark 8:18 "Having eyes, see ye not? and having ears, hear ye not? and do ye not remember?"
Aspect14, Mark 9:16 "And he asked the scribes, What question ye with them?"
Aspect14, Mark 9:41 "For whosoever shall give you a cup of water to drink in my name, because ye belong to Christ, verily I say unto you, he shall not lose his reward."
Aspect14, Mark 10:38 "But Jesus said unto them, Ye know not what ye ask: can ye drink of the cup that I drink of? and be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with?"
Aspect14, Mark 10:42 "But Jesus called them to him, and saith unto them, Ye know that they which are accounted to rule over the Gentiles exercise lordship over them; and their great ones exercise authority upon them."
Aspect14, Mark 11:2 "And saith unto them, Go your way into the village over against you: and as soon as ye be entered into it, ye shall find a colt tied, whereon never man sat; loose him, and bring him."
Aspect14, Mark 11:3 "And if any man say unto you, Why do ye this? say ye that the Lord hath need of him; and straightway he will send him hither."
Aspect14, Mark 11:24 "Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them."
Aspect14, Mark 11:31 "And they reasoned with themselves, saying, If we shall say, From heaven; he will say, Why then did ye not believe him?"
Aspect14, Mark 12:10 "And have ye not read this scripture; The stone which the builders rejected is become the head of the corner:"
Aspect14, Mark 12:24 "And Jesus answering said unto them, Do ye not therefore err, because ye know not the scriptures, neither the power of God?"
Aspect14, Mark 12:27 "He is not the God of the dead, but the God of the living: ye therefore do greatly err."
Aspect14, Mark 13:7 "And when ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars, be ye not troubled: for such things must needs be; but the end shall not be yet."
Aspect14, Mark 13:9 "But take heed to yourselves: for they shall deliver you up to councils; and in the synagogues ye shall be beaten: and ye shall be brought before rulers and kings for my sake, for a testimony against them."
Aspect14, Mark 13:11 "But when they shall lead you, and deliver you up, take no thought beforehand what ye shall speak, neither do ye premeditate: but whatsoever shall be given you in that hour, that speak ye: for it is not ye that speak, but the Holy Ghost."
Aspect14, Mark 13:13 "And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake: but he that shall endure unto the end, the same shall be saved."
Aspect14, Mark 13:14 "But when ye shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, standing where it ought not, (let him that readeth understand,) then let them that be in Judaea flee to the mountains:"
Aspect14, Mark 13:18 "And pray ye that your flight be not in the winter."
Aspect14, Mark 13:23 "But take ye heed: behold, I have foretold you all things."
Aspect14, Mark 13:28 "Now learn a parable of the fig tree; When her branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is near:"
Aspect14, Mark 13:29 "So ye in like manner, when ye shall see these things come to pass, know that it is nigh, even at the doors."
Aspect14, Mark 13:33 "Take ye heed, watch and pray: for ye know not when the time is."
Aspect14, Mark 13:35 "Watch ye therefore: for ye know not when the master of the house cometh, at even, or at midnight, or at the cockcrowing, or in the morning:"
Aspect14, Mark 14:5 "For it might have been sold for more than three hundred pence, and have been given to the poor. And they murmured against her."
Aspect14, Mark 14:7 "For ye have the poor with you always, and whensoever ye will ye may do them good: but me ye have not always."
Aspect14, Mark 14:14 "And wheresoever he shall go in, say ye to the goodman of the house, The Master saith, Where is the guestchamber, where I shall eat the passover with my disciples?"
Aspect14, Mark 14:27 "And Jesus saith unto them, All ye shall be offended because of me this night: for it is written, I will smite the shepherd, and the sheep shall be scattered."
Aspect14, Mark 14:32 "And they came to a place which was named Gethsemane: and he saith to his disciples, Sit ye here, while I shall pray."
Aspect14, Mark 14:38 "Watch ye and pray, lest ye enter into temptation. The spirit truly is ready, but the flesh is weak."
Aspect14, Mark 14:49 "I was daily with you in the temple teaching, and ye took me not: but the scriptures must be fulfilled."
Aspect14, Mark 14:64 "Ye have heard the blasphemy: what think ye? And they all condemned him to be guilty of death."
Aspect14, Mark 15:9 "But Pilate answered them, saying, Will ye that I release unto you the King of the Jews?"
Aspect14, Mark 15:12 "And Pilate answered and said again unto them, What will ye then that I shall do unto him whom ye call the King of the Jews?"
Aspect14, Mark 16:17 "And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;"
Aspect14, Luke 2:33 "And Joseph and his mother marvelled at those things which were spoken of him."
Aspect14, Luke 5:30 "But their scribes and Pharisees murmured against his disciples, saying, Why do ye eat and drink with publicans and sinners?"
Aspect14, Luke 6:21 "Blessed are ye that hunger now: for ye shall be filled. Blessed are ye that weep now: for ye shall laugh."
Aspect14, Luke 6:25 "Woe unto you that are full! for ye shall hunger. Woe unto you that laugh now! for ye shall mourn and weep."
Aspect14, Luke 6:31 "And as ye would that men should do to you, do ye also to them likewise."
Aspect14, Luke 6:33 "And if ye do good to them which do good to you, what thank have ye? for sinners also do even the same."
Aspect14, Luke 6:34 "And if ye lend to them of whom ye hope to receive, what thank have ye? for sinners also lend to sinners, to receive as much again."
Aspect14, Luke 6:35 "But love ye your enemies, and do good, and lend, hoping for nothing again; and your reward shall be great, and ye shall be the children of the Highest: for he is kind unto the unthankful and to the evil."
Aspect14, Luke 6:36 "Be ye therefore merciful, as your Father also is merciful."
Aspect14, Luke 6:37 "Judge not, and ye shall not be judged: condemn not, and ye shall not be condemned: forgive, and ye shall be forgiven:"
Aspect14, Luke 7:22 "Then Jesus answering said unto them, Go your way, and tell John what things ye have seen and heard; how that the blind see, the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, the deaf hear, the dead are raised, to the poor the gospel is preached."
Aspect14, Luke 7:25 "But what went ye out for to see? A man clothed in soft raiment? Behold, they which are gorgeously apparelled, and live delicately, are in kings' courts."
Aspect14, Luke 7:32 "They are like unto children sitting in the marketplace, and calling one to another, and saying, We have piped unto you, and ye have not danced; we have mourned to you, and ye have not wept."
Aspect14, Luke 7:35 "But wisdom is justified of all her children."
Aspect14, Luke 9:4 "And whatsoever house ye enter into, there abide, and thence depart."
Aspect14, Luke 9:55 "But he turned, and rebuked them, and said, Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of."
Aspect14, Luke 10:8 "And into whatsoever city ye enter, and they receive you, eat such things as are set before you:"
Aspect14, Luke 10:24 "For I tell you, that many prophets and kings have desired to see those things which ye see, and have not seen them; and to hear those things which ye hear, and have not heard them."
Aspect14, Luke 11:13 "If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children: how much more shall your heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask him?"
Aspect14, Luke 11:18 "If Satan also be divided against himself, how shall his kingdom stand? because ye say that I cast out devils through Beelzebub."
Aspect14, Luke 11:42 "But woe unto you, Pharisees! for ye tithe mint and rue and all manner of herbs, and pass over judgment and the love of God: these ought ye to have done, and not to leave the other undone."
Aspect14, Luke 11:43 "Woe unto you, Pharisees! for ye love the uppermost seats in the synagogues, and greetings in the markets."
Aspect14, Luke 11:44 "Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye are as graves which appear not, and the men that walk over them are not aware of them."
Aspect14, Luke 11:46 "And he said, Woe unto you also, ye lawyers! for ye lade men with burdens grievous to be borne, and ye yourselves touch not the burdens with one of your fingers."
Aspect14, Luke 11:48 "Truly ye bear witness that ye allow the deeds of your fathers: for they indeed killed them, and ye build their sepulchres."
Aspect14, Luke 11:52 "Woe unto you, lawyers! for ye have taken away the key of knowledge: ye entered not in yourselves, and them that were entering in ye hindered."
Aspect14, Luke 12:1 "In the mean time, when there were gathered together an innumerable multitude of people, insomuch that they trode one upon another, he began to say unto his disciples first of all, Beware ye of the leaven of the Pharisees, which is hypocrisy."
Aspect14, Luke 12:3 "Therefore whatsoever ye have spoken in darkness shall be heard in the light; and that which ye have spoken in the ear in closets shall be proclaimed upon the housetops."
Aspect14, Luke 12:7 "But even the very hairs of your head are all numbered. Fear not therefore: ye are of more value than many sparrows."
Aspect14, Luke 12:11 "And when they bring you unto the synagogues, and unto magistrates, and powers, take ye no thought how or what thing ye shall answer, or what ye shall say:"
Aspect14, Luke 12:12 "For the Holy Ghost shall teach you in the same hour what ye ought to say."
Aspect14, Luke 12:22 "And he said unto his disciples, Therefore I say unto you, Take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat; neither for the body, what ye shall put on."
Aspect14, Luke 12:24 "Consider the ravens: for they neither sow nor reap; which neither have storehouse nor barn; and God feedeth them: how much more are ye better than the fowls?"
Aspect14, Luke 12:26 "If ye then be not able to do that thing which is least, why take ye thought for the rest?"
Aspect14, Luke 12:28 "If then God so clothe the grass, which is to day in the field, and to morrow is cast into the oven; how much more will he clothe you, O ye of little faith?"
Aspect14, Luke 12:29 "And seek not ye what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink, neither be ye of doubtful mind."
Aspect14, Luke 12:31 "But rather seek ye the kingdom of God; and all these things shall be added unto you."
Aspect14, Luke 12:33 "Sell that ye have, and give alms; provide yourselves bags which wax not old, a treasure in the heavens that faileth not, where no thief approacheth, neither moth corrupteth."
Aspect14, Luke 12:40 "Be ye therefore ready also: for the Son of man cometh at an hour when ye think not."
Aspect14, Luke 12:54 "And he said also to the people, When ye see a cloud rise out of the west, straightway ye say, There cometh a shower; and so it is."
Aspect14, Luke 12:55 "And when ye see the south wind blow, ye say, There will be heat; and it cometh to pass."
Aspect14, Luke 12:56 "Ye hypocrites, ye can discern the face of the sky and of the earth; but how is it that ye do not discern this time?"
Aspect14, Luke 13:3 "I tell you, Nay: but, except ye repent, ye shall all likewise perish."
Aspect14, Luke 13:4 "Or those eighteen, upon whom the tower in Siloam fell, and slew them, think ye that they were sinners above all men that dwelt in Jerusalem?"
Aspect14, Luke 13:5 "I tell you, Nay: but, except ye repent, ye shall all likewise perish."
Aspect14, Luke 13:26 "Then shall ye begin to say, We have eaten and drunk in thy presence, and thou hast taught in our streets."
Aspect14, Luke 13:27 "But he shall say, I tell you, I know you not whence ye are; depart from me, all ye workers of iniquity."
Aspect14, Luke 13:28 "There shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth, when ye shall see Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob, and all the prophets, in the kingdom of God, and you yourselves thrust out."
Aspect14, Luke 13:34 "O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, which killest the prophets, and stonest them that are sent unto thee; how often would I have gathered thy children together, as a hen doth gather her brood under her wings, and ye would not!"
Aspect14, Luke 13:35 "Behold, your house is left unto you desolate: and verily I say unto you, Ye shall not see me, until the time come when ye shall say, Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord."
Aspect14, Luke 14:19 "And another said, I have bought five yoke of oxen, and I go to prove them: I pray thee have me excused."
Aspect14, Luke 16:11 "If therefore ye have not been faithful in the unrighteous mammon, who will commit to your trust the true riches?"
Aspect14, Luke 16:12 "And if ye have not been faithful in that which is another man's, who shall give you that which is your own?"
Aspect14, Luke 17:10 "So likewise ye, when ye shall have done all those things which are commanded you, say, We are unprofitable servants: we have done that which was our duty to do."
Aspect14, Luke 19:30 "Saying, Go ye into the village over against you; in the which at your entering ye shall find a colt tied, whereon yet never man sat: loose him, and bring him hither."
Aspect14, Luke 19:31 "And if any man ask you, Why do ye loose him? thus shall ye say unto him, Because the Lord hath need of him."
Aspect14, Luke 21:6 "As for these things which ye behold, the days will come, in the which there shall not be left one stone upon another, that shall not be thrown down."
Aspect14, Luke 21:8 "And he said, Take heed that ye be not deceived: for many shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ; and the time draweth near: go ye not therefore after them."
Aspect14, Luke 21:9 "But when ye shall hear of wars and commotions, be not terrified: for these things must first come to pass; but the end is not by and by."
Aspect14, Luke 21:14 "Settle it therefore in your hearts, not to meditate before what ye shall answer:"
Aspect14, Luke 21:16 "And ye shall be betrayed both by parents, and brethren, and kinsfolks, and friends; and some of you shall they cause to be put to death."
Aspect14, Luke 21:17 "And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake."
Aspect14, Luke 21:19 "In your patience possess ye your souls."
Aspect14, Luke 21:20 "And when ye shall see Jerusalem compassed with armies, then know that the desolation thereof is nigh."
Aspect14, Luke 21:31 "So likewise ye, when ye see these things come to pass, know ye that the kingdom of God is nigh at hand."
Aspect14, Luke 21:36 "Watch ye therefore, and pray always, that ye may be accounted worthy to escape all these things that shall come to pass, and to stand before the Son of man."
Aspect14, Luke 22:26 "But ye shall not be so: but he that is greatest among you, let him be as the younger; and he that is chief, as he that doth serve."
Aspect14, Luke 22:28 "Ye are they which have continued with me in my temptations."
Aspect14, Luke 22:30 "That ye may eat and drink at my table in my kingdom, and sit on thrones judging the twelve tribes of Israel."
Aspect14, Luke 22:68 "And if I also ask you, ye will not answer me, nor let me go."
Aspect14, Luke 24:17 "And he said unto them, What manner of communications are these that ye have one to another, as ye walk, and are sad?"
Aspect14, Luke 24:43 "And he took it, and did eat before them."
Aspect14, Luke 24:48 "And ye are witnesses of these things."
Aspect14, Luke 24:49 "And, behold, I send the promise of my Father upon you: but tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem, until ye be endued with power from on high."
Aspect14, John 1:20 "And he confessed, and denied not; but confessed, I am not the Christ."
Aspect14, John 1:26 "John answered them, saying, I baptize with water: but there standeth one among you, whom ye know not;"
Aspect14, John 3:11 "Verily, verily, I say unto thee, We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen; and ye receive not our witness."
Aspect14, John 3:12 "If I have told you earthly things, and ye believe not, how shall ye believe, if I tell you of heavenly things?"
Aspect14, John 3:28 "Ye yourselves bear me witness, that I said, I am not the Christ, but that I am sent before him."
Aspect14, John 4:14 "But whosoever drinketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst; but the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life."
Aspect14, John 4:22 "Ye worship ye know not what: we know what we worship: for salvation is of the Jews."
Aspect14, John 4:38 "I sent you to reap that whereon ye bestowed no labour: other men laboured, and ye are entered into their labours."
Aspect14, John 4:48 "Then said Jesus unto him, Except ye see signs and wonders, ye will not believe."
Aspect14, John 5:35 "He was a burning and a shining light: and ye were willing for a season to rejoice in his light."
Aspect14, John 5:38 "And ye have not his word abiding in you: for whom he hath sent, him ye believe not."
Aspect14, John 5:39 "Search the scriptures; for in them ye think ye have eternal life: and they are they which testify of me."
Aspect14, John 5:40 "And ye will not come to me, that ye might have life."
Aspect14, John 5:42 "But I know you, that ye have not the love of God in you."
Aspect14, John 5:46 "For had ye believed Moses, ye would have believed me; for he wrote of me."
Aspect14, John 5:47 "But if ye believe not his writings, how shall ye believe my words?"
Aspect14, John 6:26 "Jesus answered them and said, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Ye seek me, not because ye saw the miracles, but because ye did eat of the loaves, and were filled."
Aspect14, John 6:53 "Then Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Except ye eat the flesh of the Son of man, and drink his blood, ye have no life in you."
Aspect14, John 7:13 "Howbeit no man spake openly of him for fear of the Jews."
Aspect14, John 7:28 "Then cried Jesus in the temple as he taught, saying, Ye both know me, and ye know whence I am: and I am not come of myself, but he that sent me is true, whom ye know not."
Aspect14, John 7:34 "Ye shall seek me, and shall not find me: and where I am, thither ye cannot come."
Aspect14, John 7:47 "Then answered them the Pharisees, Are ye also deceived?"
Aspect14, John 8:8 "And again he stooped down, and wrote on the ground."
Aspect14, John 8:15 "Ye judge after the flesh; I judge no man."
Aspect14, John 8:21 "Then said Jesus again unto them, I go my way, and ye shall seek me, and shall die in your sins: whither I go, ye cannot come."
Aspect14, John 8:23 "And he said unto them, Ye are from beneath; I am from above: ye are of this world; I am not of this world."
Aspect14, John 8:24 "I said therefore unto you, that ye shall die in your sins: for if ye believe not that I am he, ye shall die in your sins."
Aspect14, John 8:31 "Then said Jesus to those Jews which believed on him, If ye continue in my word, then are ye my disciples indeed;"
Aspect14, John 8:32 "And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free."
Aspect14, John 8:33 "They answered him, We be Abraham's seed, and were never in bondage to any man: how sayest thou, Ye shall be made free?"
Aspect14, John 8:37 "I know that ye are Abraham's seed; but ye seek to kill me, because my word hath no place in you."
Aspect14, John 8:43 "Why do ye not understand my speech? even because ye cannot hear my word."
Aspect14, John 8:45 "And because I tell you the truth, ye believe me not."
Aspect14, John 8:47 "He that is of God heareth God's words: ye therefore hear them not, because ye are not of God."
Aspect14, John 8:49 "Jesus answered, I have not a devil; but I honour my Father, and ye do dishonour me."
Aspect14, John 8:54 "Jesus answered, If I honour myself, my honour is nothing: it is my Father that honoureth me; of whom ye say, that he is your God:"
Aspect14, John 9:27 "He answered them, I have told you already, and ye did not hear: wherefore would ye hear it again? will ye also be his disciples?"
Aspect14, John 9:41 "Jesus said unto them, If ye were blind, ye should have no sin: but now ye say, We see; therefore your sin remaineth."
Aspect14, John 10:23 "And Jesus walked in the temple in Solomon's porch."
Aspect14, John 10:25 "Jesus answered them, I told you, and ye believed not: the works that I do in my Father's name, they bear witness of me."
Aspect14, John 10:26 "But ye believe not, because ye are not of my sheep, as I said unto you."
Aspect14, John 10:38 "But if I do, though ye believe not me, believe the works: that ye may know, and believe, that the Father is in me, and I in him."
Aspect14, John 11:15 "And I am glad for your sakes that I was not there, to the intent ye may believe; nevertheless let us go unto him."
Aspect14, John 11:39 "Jesus said, Take ye away the stone. Martha, the sister of him that was dead, saith unto him, Lord, by this time he stinketh: for he hath been dead four days."
Aspect14, John 11:56 "Then sought they for Jesus, and spake among themselves, as they stood in the temple, What think ye, that he will not come to the feast?"
Aspect14, John 12:8 "For the poor always ye have with you; but me ye have not always."
Aspect14, John 12:19 "The Pharisees therefore said among themselves, Perceive ye how ye prevail nothing? behold, the world is gone after him."
Aspect14, John 12:36 "While ye have light, believe in the light, that ye may be the children of light. These things spake Jesus, and departed, and did hide himself from them."
Aspect14, John 13:13 "Ye call me Master and Lord: and ye say well; for so I am."
Aspect14, John 13:15 "For I have given you an example, that ye should do as I have done to you."
Aspect14, John 13:17 "If ye know these things, happy are ye if ye do them."
Aspect14, John 13:33 "Little children, yet a little while I am with you. Ye shall seek me: and as I said unto the Jews, Whither I go, ye cannot come; so now I say to you."
Aspect14, John 13:34 "A new commandment I give unto you, That ye love one another; as I have loved you, that ye also love one another."
Aspect14, John 13:35 "By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another."
Aspect14, John 14:4 "And whither I go ye know, and the way ye know."
Aspect14, John 14:7 "If ye had known me, ye should have known my Father also: and from henceforth ye know him, and have seen him."
Aspect14, John 14:14 "If ye shall ask any thing in my name, I will do it."
Aspect14, John 14:15 "If ye love me, keep my commandments."
Aspect14, John 14:20 "At that day ye shall know that I am in my Father, and ye in me, and I in you."
Aspect14, John 14:28 "Ye have heard how I said unto you, I go away, and come again unto you. If ye loved me, ye would rejoice, because I said, I go unto the Father: for my Father is greater than I."
Aspect14, John 15:4 "Abide in me, and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in the vine; no more can ye, except ye abide in me."
Aspect14, John 15:7 "If ye abide in me, and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you."
Aspect14, John 15:8 "Herein is my Father glorified, that ye bear much fruit; so shall ye be my disciples."
Aspect14, John 15:10 "If ye keep my commandments, ye shall abide in my love; even as I have kept my Father's commandments, and abide in his love."
Aspect14, John 15:12 "This is my commandment, That ye love one another, as I have loved you."
Aspect14, John 15:14 "Ye are my friends, if ye do whatsoever I command you."
Aspect14, John 15:16 "Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you, and ordained you, that ye should go and bring forth fruit, and that your fruit should remain: that whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it you."
Aspect14, John 15:17 "These things I command you, that ye love one another."
Aspect14, John 15:18 "If the world hate you, ye know that it hated me before it hated you."
Aspect14, John 15:19 "If ye were of the world, the world would love his own: but because ye are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you."
Aspect14, John 15:27 "And ye also shall bear witness, because ye have been with me from the beginning."
Aspect14, John 16:4 "But these things have I told you, that when the time shall come, ye may remember that I told you of them. And these things I said not unto you at the beginning, because I was with you."
Aspect14, John 16:16 "A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me, because I go to the Father."
Aspect14, John 16:17 "Then said some of his disciples among themselves, What is this that he saith unto us, A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me: and, Because I go to the Father?"
Aspect14, John 16:19 "Now Jesus knew that they were desirous to ask him, and said unto them, Do ye enquire among yourselves of that I said, A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me?"
Aspect14, John 16:20 "Verily, verily, I say unto you, That ye shall weep and lament, but the world shall rejoice: and ye shall be sorrowful, but your sorrow shall be turned into joy."
Aspect14, John 16:22 "And ye now therefore have sorrow: but I will see you again, and your heart shall rejoice, and your joy no man taketh from you."
Aspect14, John 16:23 "And in that day ye shall ask me nothing. Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in my name, he will give it you."
Aspect14, John 16:24 "Hitherto have ye asked nothing in my name: ask, and ye shall receive, that your joy may be full."
Aspect14, John 16:31 "Jesus answered them, Do ye now believe?"
Aspect14, John 16:33 "These things I have spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace. In the world ye shall have tribulation: but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world."
Aspect14, John 18:8 "Jesus answered, I have told you that I am he: if therefore ye seek me, let these go their way:"
Aspect14, John 18:27 "Peter then denied again: and immediately the cock crew."
Aspect14, John 18:39 "But ye have a custom, that I should release unto you one at the passover: will ye therefore that I release unto you the King of the Jews?"
Aspect14, John 19:35 "And he that saw it bare record, and his record is true: and he knoweth that he saith true, that ye might believe."
Aspect14, John 20:23 "Whose soever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them; and whose soever sins ye retain, they are retained."
Aspect14, John 20:31 "But these are written, that ye might believe that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God; and that believing ye might have life through his name."
Aspect14, John 21:5 "Then Jesus saith unto them, Children, have ye any meat? They answered him, No."
Aspect14, John 21:14 "This is now the third time that Jesus shewed himself to his disciples, after that he was risen from the dead."
Aspect14, Acts 1:5 "For John truly baptized with water; but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost not many days hence."
Aspect14, Acts 1:8 "But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth."
Aspect14, Acts 2:15 "For these are not drunken, as ye suppose, seeing it is but the third hour of the day."
Aspect14, Acts 2:22 "Ye men of Israel, hear these words; Jesus of Nazareth, a man approved of God among you by miracles and wonders and signs, which God did by him in the midst of you, as ye yourselves also know:"
Aspect14, Acts 3:12 "And when Peter saw it, he answered unto the people, Ye men of Israel, why marvel ye at this? or why look ye so earnestly on us, as though by our own power or holiness we had made this man to walk?"
Aspect14, Acts 3:14 "But ye denied the Holy One and the Just, and desired a murderer to be granted unto you;"
Aspect14, Acts 3:19 "Repent ye therefore, and be converted, that your sins may be blotted out, when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord."
Aspect14, Acts 3:25 "Ye are the children of the prophets, and of the covenant which God made with our fathers, saying unto Abraham, And in thy seed shall all the kindreds of the earth be blessed."
Aspect14, Acts 4:7 "And when they had set them in the midst, they asked, By what power, or by what name, have ye done this?"
Aspect14, Acts 5:28 "Saying, Did not we straitly command you that ye should not teach in this name? and, behold, ye have filled Jerusalem with your doctrine, and intend to bring this man's blood upon us."
Aspect14, Acts 5:30 "The God of our fathers raised up Jesus, whom ye slew and hanged on a tree."
Aspect14, Acts 5:39 "But if it be of God, ye cannot overthrow it; lest haply ye be found even to fight against God."
Aspect14, Acts 6:14 "For we have heard him say, that this Jesus of Nazareth shall destroy this place, and shall change the customs which Moses delivered us."
Aspect14, Acts 7:4 "Then came he out of the land of the Chaldaeans, and dwelt in Charran: and from thence, when his father was dead, he removed him into this land, wherein ye now dwell."
Aspect14, Acts 7:26 "And the next day he shewed himself unto them as they strove, and would have set them at one again, saying, Sirs, ye are brethren; why do ye wrong one to another?"
Aspect14, Acts 7:43 "Yea, ye took up the tabernacle of Moloch, and the star of your god Remphan, figures which ye made to worship them: and I will carry you away beyond Babylon."
Aspect14, Acts 7:51 "Ye stiffnecked and uncircumcised in heart and ears, ye do always resist the Holy Ghost: as your fathers did, so do ye."
Aspect14, Acts 8:11 "And to him they had regard, because that of long time he had bewitched them with sorceries."
Aspect14, Acts 8:24 "Then answered Simon, and said, Pray ye to the LORD for me, that none of these things which ye have spoken come upon me."
Aspect14, Acts 9:9 "And he was three days without sight, and neither did eat nor drink."
Aspect14, Acts 10:37 "That word, I say, ye know, which was published throughout all Judaea, and began from Galilee, after the baptism which John preached;"
Aspect14, Acts 13:25 "And as John fulfilled his course, he said, Whom think ye that I am? I am not he. But, behold, there cometh one after me, whose shoes of his feet I am not worthy to loose."
Aspect14, Acts 13:39 "And by him all that believe are justified from all things, from which ye could not be justified by the law of Moses."
Aspect14, Acts 13:41 "Behold, ye despisers, and wonder, and perish: for I work a work in your days, a work which ye shall in no wise believe, though a man declare it unto you."
Aspect14, Acts 14:28 "And there they abode long time with the disciples."
Aspect14, Acts 15:10 "Now therefore why tempt ye God, to put a yoke upon the neck of the disciples, which neither our fathers nor we were able to bear?"
Aspect14, Acts 15:29 "That ye abstain from meats offered to idols, and from blood, and from things strangled, and from fornication: from which if ye keep yourselves, ye shall do well. Fare ye well."
Aspect14, Acts 17:22 "Then Paul stood in the midst of Mars' hill, and said, Ye men of Athens, I perceive that in all things ye are too superstitious."
Aspect14, Acts 18:15 "But if it be a question of words and names, and of your law, look ye to it; for I will be no judge of such matters."
Aspect14, Acts 18:18 "And Paul after this tarried there yet a good while, and then took his leave of the brethren, and sailed thence into Syria, and with him Priscilla and Aquila; having shorn his head in Cenchrea: for he had a vow."
Aspect14, Acts 18:20 "When they desired him to tarry longer time with them, he consented not;"
Aspect14, Acts 19:36 "Seeing then that these things cannot be spoken against, ye ought to be quiet, and to do nothing rashly."
Aspect14, Acts 19:39 "But if ye enquire any thing concerning other matters, it shall be determined in a lawful assembly."
Aspect14, Acts 20:25 "And now, behold, I know that ye all, among whom I have gone preaching the kingdom of God, shall see my face no more."
Aspect14, Acts 23:15 "Now therefore ye with the council signify to the chief captain that he bring him down unto you to morrow, as though ye would enquire something more perfectly concerning him: and we, or ever he come near, are ready to kill him."
Aspect14, Acts 27:4 "And when we had launched from thence, we sailed under Cyprus, because the winds were contrary."
Aspect14, Acts 27:14 "But not long after there arose against it a tempestuous wind, called Euroclydon."
Aspect14, Acts 28:26 "Saying, Go unto this people, and say, Hearing ye shall hear, and shall not understand; and seeing ye shall see, and not perceive:"
Aspect14, Romans 6:3 "Know ye not, that so many of us as were baptized into Jesus Christ were baptized into his death?"
Aspect14, Romans 6:12 "Let not sin therefore reign in your mortal body, that ye should obey it in the lusts thereof."
Aspect14, Romans 6:14 "For sin shall not have dominion over you: for ye are not under the law, but under grace."
Aspect14, Romans 6:16 "Know ye not, that to whom ye yield yourselves servants to obey, his servants ye are to whom ye obey; whether of sin unto death, or of obedience unto righteousness?"
Aspect14, Romans 6:17 "But God be thanked, that ye were the servants of sin, but ye have obeyed from the heart that form of doctrine which was delivered you."
Aspect14, Romans 6:20 "For when ye were the servants of sin, ye were free from righteousness."
Aspect14, Romans 6:21 "What fruit had ye then in those things whereof ye are now ashamed? for the end of those things is death."
Aspect14, Romans 7:4 "Wherefore, my brethren, ye also are become dead to the law by the body of Christ; that ye should be married to another, even to him who is raised from the dead, that we should bring forth fruit unto God."
Aspect14, Romans 8:9 "But ye are not in the flesh, but in the Spirit, if so be that the Spirit of God dwell in you. Now if any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his."
Aspect14, Romans 8:13 "For if ye live after the flesh, ye shall die: but if ye through the Spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, ye shall live."
Aspect14, Romans 8:15 "For ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear; but ye have received the Spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, Abba, Father."
Aspect14, Romans 9:8 "That is, They which are the children of the flesh, these are not the children of God: but the children of the promise are counted for the seed."
Aspect14, Romans 11:25 "For I would not, brethren, that ye should be ignorant of this mystery, lest ye should be wise in your own conceits; that blindness in part is happened to Israel, until the fulness of the Gentiles be come in."
Aspect14, Romans 11:30 "For as ye in times past have not believed God, yet have now obtained mercy through their unbelief:"
Aspect14, Romans 12:1 "I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that ye present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service."
Aspect14, Romans 12:2 "And be not conformed to this world: but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what is that good, and acceptable, and perfect, will of God."
Aspect14, Romans 13:6 "For for this cause pay ye tribute also: for they are God's ministers, attending continually upon this very thing."
Aspect14, Romans 15:7 "Wherefore receive ye one another, as Christ also received us to the glory of God."
Aspect14, Romans 15:10 "And again he saith, Rejoice, ye Gentiles, with his people."
Aspect14, Romans 15:11 "And again, Praise the Lord, all ye Gentiles; and laud him, all ye people."
Aspect14, Romans 15:13 "Now the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, that ye may abound in hope, through the power of the Holy Ghost."
Aspect14, Romans 16:17 "Now I beseech you, brethren, mark them which cause divisions and offences contrary to the doctrine which ye have learned; and avoid them."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 1:5 "That in every thing ye are enriched by him, in all utterance, and in all knowledge;"
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 1:10 "Now I beseech you, brethren, by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that ye all speak the same thing, and that there be no divisions among you; but that ye be perfectly joined together in the same mind and in the same judgment."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 1:13 "Is Christ divided? was Paul crucified for you? or were ye baptized in the name of Paul?"
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 1:30 "But of him are ye in Christ Jesus, who of God is made unto us wisdom, and righteousness, and sanctification, and redemption:"
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 3:2 "I have fed you with milk, and not with meat: for hitherto ye were not able to bear it, neither yet now are ye able."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 3:3 "For ye are yet carnal: for whereas there is among you envying, and strife, and divisions, are ye not carnal, and walk as men?"
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 3:4 "For while one saith, I am of Paul; and another, I am of Apollos; are ye not carnal?"
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 3:9 "For we are labourers together with God: ye are God's husbandry, ye are God's building."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 3:16 "Know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you?"
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 3:17 "If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy; for the temple of God is holy, which temple ye are."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 3:23 "And ye are Christ's; and Christ is God's."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 4:6 "And these things, brethren, I have in a figure transferred to myself and to Apollos for your sakes; that ye might learn in us not to think of men above that which is written, that no one of you be puffed up for one against another."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 4:8 "Now ye are full, now ye are rich, ye have reigned as kings without us: and I would to God ye did reign, that we also might reign with you."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 4:10 "We are fools for Christ's sake, but ye are wise in Christ; we are weak, but ye are strong; ye are honourable, but we are despised."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 4:15 "For though ye have ten thousand instructers in Christ, yet have ye not many fathers: for in Christ Jesus I have begotten you through the gospel."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 4:16 "Wherefore I beseech you, be ye followers of me."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 5:6 "Your glorying is not good. Know ye not that a little leaven leaveneth the whole lump?"
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 5:7 "Purge out therefore the old leaven, that ye may be a new lump, as ye are unleavened. For even Christ our passover is sacrificed for us:"
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 5:10 "Yet not altogether with the fornicators of this world, or with the covetous, or extortioners, or with idolaters; for then must ye needs go out of the world."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 6:2 "Do ye not know that the saints shall judge the world? and if the world shall be judged by you, are ye unworthy to judge the smallest matters?"
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 6:3 "Know ye not that we shall judge angels? how much more things that pertain to this life?"
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 6:4 "If then ye have judgments of things pertaining to this life, set them to judge who are least esteemed in the church."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 6:7 "Now therefore there is utterly a fault among you, because ye go to law one with another. Why do ye not rather take wrong? why do ye not rather suffer yourselves to be defrauded?"
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 6:8 "Nay, ye do wrong, and defraud, and that your brethren."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 6:9 "Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be not deceived: neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind,"
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 6:11 "And such were some of you: but ye are washed, but ye are sanctified, but ye are justified in the name of the Lord Jesus, and by the Spirit of our God."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 6:16 "What? know ye not that he which is joined to an harlot is one body? for two, saith he, shall be one flesh."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 6:19 "What? know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own?"
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 6:20 "For ye are bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body, and in your spirit, which are God's."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 7:5 "Defraud ye not one the other, except it be with consent for a time, that ye may give yourselves to fasting and prayer; and come together again, that Satan tempt you not for your incontinency."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 7:23 "Ye are bought with a price; be not ye the servants of men."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 8:8 "But meat commendeth us not to God: for neither, if we eat, are we the better; neither, if we eat not, are we the worse."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 8:12 "But when ye sin so against the brethren, and wound their weak conscience, ye sin against Christ."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 9:24 "Know ye not that they which run in a race run all, but one receiveth the prize? So run, that ye may obtain."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 10:3 "And did all eat the same spiritual meat;"
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 10:7 "Neither be ye idolaters, as were some of them; as it is written, The people sat down to eat and drink, and rose up to play."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 10:15 "I speak as to wise men; judge ye what I say."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 10:18 "Behold Israel after the flesh: are not they which eat of the sacrifices partakers of the altar?"
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 10:20 "But I say, that the things which the Gentiles sacrifice, they sacrifice to devils, and not to God: and I would not that ye should have fellowship with devils."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 10:27 "If any of them that believe not bid you to a feast, and ye be disposed to go; whatsoever is set before you, eat, asking no question for conscience sake."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 10:31 "Whether therefore ye eat, or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 11:2 "Now I praise you, brethren, that ye remember me in all things, and keep the ordinances, as I delivered them to you."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 11:18 "For first of all, when ye come together in the church, I hear that there be divisions among you; and I partly believe it."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 11:20 "When ye come together therefore into one place, this is not to eat the Lord's supper."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 11:22 "What? have ye not houses to eat and to drink in? or despise ye the church of God, and shame them that have not? What shall I say to you? shall I praise you in this? I praise you not."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 11:25 "After the same manner also he took the cup, when he had supped, saying, This cup is the new testament in my blood: this do ye, as oft as ye drink it, in remembrance of me."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 11:26 "For as often as ye eat this bread, and drink this cup, ye do shew the Lord's death till he come."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 11:28 "But let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of that bread, and drink of that cup."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 11:33 "Wherefore, my brethren, when ye come together to eat, tarry one for another."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 12:2 "Ye know that ye were Gentiles, carried away unto these dumb idols, even as ye were led."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 12:27 "Now ye are the body of Christ, and members in particular."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 13:4 "Charity suffereth long, and is kind; charity envieth not; charity vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up,"
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 14:1 "Follow after charity, and desire spiritual gifts, but rather that ye may prophesy."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 14:5 "I would that ye all spake with tongues but rather that ye prophesied: for greater is he that prophesieth than he that speaketh with tongues, except he interpret, that the church may receive edifying."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 14:9 "So likewise ye, except ye utter by the tongue words easy to be understood, how shall it be known what is spoken? for ye shall speak into the air."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 14:12 "Even so ye, forasmuch as ye are zealous of spiritual gifts, seek that ye may excel to the edifying of the church."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 14:18 "I thank my God, I speak with tongues more than ye all:"
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 14:20 "Brethren, be not children in understanding: howbeit in malice be ye children, but in understanding be men."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 14:22 "Wherefore tongues are for a sign, not to them that believe, but to them that believe not: but prophesying serveth not for them that believe not, but for them which believe."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 15:1 "Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand;"
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 15:2 "By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 15:11 "Therefore whether it were I or they, so we preach, and so ye believed."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 15:17 "And if Christ be not raised, your faith is vain; ye are yet in your sins."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 15:58 "Therefore, my beloved brethren, be ye stedfast, unmoveable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, forasmuch as ye know that your labour is not in vain in the Lord."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 16:13 "Watch ye, stand fast in the faith, quit you like men, be strong."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 16:15 "I beseech you, brethren, (ye know the house of Stephanas, that it is the firstfruits of Achaia, and that they have addicted themselves to the ministry of the saints,)"
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 16:16 "That ye submit yourselves unto such, and to every one that helpeth with us, and laboureth."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 16:18 "For they have refreshed my spirit and your's: therefore acknowledge ye them that are such."
Aspect14, 1 Corinthians 16:20 "All the brethren greet you. Greet ye one another with an holy kiss."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 1:7 "And our hope of you is stedfast, knowing, that as ye are partakers of the sufferings, so shall ye be also of the consolation."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 1:13 "For we write none other things unto you, than what ye read or acknowledge; and I trust ye shall acknowledge even to the end;"
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 1:14 "As also ye have acknowledged us in part, that we are your rejoicing, even as ye also are our's in the day of the Lord Jesus."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 1:15 "And in this confidence I was minded to come unto you before, that ye might have a second benefit;"
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 1:24 "Not for that we have dominion over your faith, but are helpers of your joy: for by faith ye stand."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 2:7 "So that contrariwise ye ought rather to forgive him, and comfort him, lest perhaps such a one should be swallowed up with overmuch sorrow."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 2:8 "Wherefore I beseech you that ye would confirm your love toward him."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 2:9 "For to this end also did I write, that I might know the proof of you, whether ye be obedient in all things."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 2:10 "To whom ye forgive any thing, I forgive also: for if I forgave any thing, to whom I forgave it, for your sakes forgave I it in the person of Christ;"
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 3:2 "Ye are our epistle written in our hearts, known and read of all men:"
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 3:3 "Forasmuch as ye are manifestly declared to be the epistle of Christ ministered by us, written not with ink, but with the Spirit of the living God; not in tables of stone, but in fleshy tables of the heart."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 5:20 "Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us: we pray you in Christ's stead, be ye reconciled to God."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 6:1 "We then, as workers together with him, beseech you also that ye receive not the grace of God in vain."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 6:12 "Ye are not straitened in us, but ye are straitened in your own bowels."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 6:13 "Now for a recompence in the same, (I speak as unto my children,) be ye also enlarged."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 6:17 "Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing; and I will receive you."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 7:9 "Now I rejoice, not that ye were made sorry, but that ye sorrowed to repentance: for ye were made sorry after a godly manner, that ye might receive damage by us in nothing."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 7:15 "And his inward affection is more abundant toward you, whilst he remembereth the obedience of you all, how with fear and trembling ye received him."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 8:7 "Therefore, as ye abound in every thing, in faith, and utterance, and knowledge, and in all diligence, and in your love to us, see that ye abound in this grace also."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 8:9 "For ye know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that, though he was rich, yet for your sakes he became poor, that ye through his poverty might be rich."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 8:13 "For I mean not that other men be eased, and ye burdened:"
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 8:24 "Wherefore shew ye to them, and before the churches, the proof of your love, and of our boasting on your behalf."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 11:1 "Would to God ye could bear with me a little in my folly: and indeed bear with me."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 11:4 "For if he that cometh preacheth another Jesus, whom we have not preached, or if ye receive another spirit, which ye have not received, or another gospel, which ye have not accepted, ye might well bear with him."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 11:7 "Have I committed an offence in abasing myself that ye might be exalted, because I have preached to you the gospel of God freely?"
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 11:19 "For ye suffer fools gladly, seeing ye yourselves are wise."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 11:20 "For ye suffer, if a man bring you into bondage, if a man devour you, if a man take of you, if a man exalt himself, if a man smite you on the face."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 12:11 "I am become a fool in glorying; ye have compelled me: for I ought to have been commended of you: for in nothing am I behind the very chiefest apostles, though I be nothing."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 12:13 "For what is it wherein ye were inferior to other churches, except it be that I myself was not burdensome to you? forgive me this wrong."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 12:19 "Again, think ye that we excuse ourselves unto you? we speak before God in Christ: but we do all things, dearly beloved, for your edifying."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 13:3 "Since ye seek a proof of Christ speaking in me, which to you-ward is not weak, but is mighty in you."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 13:5 "Examine yourselves, whether ye be in the faith; prove your own selves. Know ye not your own selves, how that Jesus Christ is in you, except ye be reprobates?"
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 13:6 "But I trust that ye shall know that we are not reprobates."
Aspect14, 2 Corinthians 13:7 "Now I pray to God that ye do no evil; not that we should appear approved, but that ye should do that which is honest, though we be as reprobates."
Aspect14, Galatians 1:6 "I marvel that ye are so soon removed from him that called you into the grace of Christ unto another gospel:"
Aspect14, Galatians 1:13 "For ye have heard of my conversation in time past in the Jews' religion, how that beyond measure I persecuted the church of God, and wasted it:"
Aspect14, Galatians 3:2 "This only would I learn of you, Received ye the Spirit by the works of the law, or by the hearing of faith?"
Aspect14, Galatians 3:3 "Are ye so foolish? having begun in the Spirit, are ye now made perfect by the flesh?"
Aspect14, Galatians 3:4 "Have ye suffered so many things in vain? if it be yet in vain."
Aspect14, Galatians 3:7 "Know ye therefore that they which are of faith, the same are the children of Abraham."
Aspect14, Galatians 3:26 "For ye are all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus."
Aspect14, Galatians 3:29 "And if ye be Christ's, then are ye Abraham's seed, and heirs according to the promise."
Aspect14, Galatians 4:8 "Howbeit then, when ye knew not God, ye did service unto them which by nature are no gods."
Aspect14, Galatians 4:9 "But now, after that ye have known God, or rather are known of God, how turn ye again to the weak and beggarly elements, whereunto ye desire again to be in bondage?"
Aspect14, Galatians 4:10 "Ye observe days, and months, and times, and years."
Aspect14, Galatians 4:12 "Brethren, I beseech you, be as I am; for I am as ye are: ye have not injured me at all."
Aspect14, Galatians 4:13 "Ye know how through infirmity of the flesh I preached the gospel unto you at the first."
Aspect14, Galatians 4:15 "Where is then the blessedness ye spake of? for I bear you record, that, if it had been possible, ye would have plucked out your own eyes, and have given them to me."
Aspect14, Galatians 4:17 "They zealously affect you, but not well; yea, they would exclude you, that ye might affect them."
Aspect14, Galatians 4:21 "Tell me, ye that desire to be under the law, do ye not hear the law?"
Aspect14, Galatians 4:26 "But Jerusalem which is above is free, which is the mother of us all."
Aspect14, Galatians 5:7 "Ye did run well; who did hinder you that ye should not obey the truth?"
Aspect14, Galatians 5:15 "But if ye bite and devour one another, take heed that ye be not consumed one of another."
Aspect14, Galatians 5:16 "This I say then, Walk in the Spirit, and ye shall not fulfil the lust of the flesh."
Aspect14, Galatians 5:17 "For the flesh lusteth against the Spirit, and the Spirit against the flesh: and these are contrary the one to the other: so that ye cannot do the things that ye would."
Aspect14, Galatians 5:18 "But if ye be led of the Spirit, ye are not under the law."
Aspect14, Galatians 6:2 "Bear ye one another's burdens, and so fulfil the law of Christ."
Aspect14, Galatians 6:11 "Ye see how large a letter I have written unto you with mine own hand."
Aspect14, Ephesians 1:13 "In whom ye also trusted, after that ye heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation: in whom also after that ye believed, ye were sealed with that holy Spirit of promise,"
Aspect14, Ephesians 2:2 "Wherein in time past ye walked according to the course of this world, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now worketh in the children of disobedience:"
Aspect14, Ephesians 2:8 "For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:"
Aspect14, Ephesians 2:11 "Wherefore remember, that ye being in time past Gentiles in the flesh, who are called Uncircumcision by that which is called the Circumcision in the flesh made by hands;"
Aspect14, Ephesians 2:12 "That at that time ye were without Christ, being aliens from the commonwealth of Israel, and strangers from the covenants of promise, having no hope, and without God in the world:"
Aspect14, Ephesians 2:13 "But now in Christ Jesus ye who sometimes were far off are made nigh by the blood of Christ."
Aspect14, Ephesians 2:19 "Now therefore ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellowcitizens with the saints, and of the household of God;"
Aspect14, Ephesians 3:2 "If ye have heard of the dispensation of the grace of God which is given me to you-ward:"
Aspect14, Ephesians 3:4 "Whereby, when ye read, ye may understand my knowledge in the mystery of Christ)"
Aspect14, Ephesians 3:13 "Wherefore I desire that ye faint not at my tribulations for you, which is your glory."
Aspect14, Ephesians 3:17 "That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith; that ye, being rooted and grounded in love,"
Aspect14, Ephesians 3:19 "And to know the love of Christ, which passeth knowledge, that ye might be filled with all the fulness of God."
Aspect14, Ephesians 4:1 "I therefore, the prisoner of the Lord, beseech you that ye walk worthy of the vocation wherewith ye are called,"
Aspect14, Ephesians 4:17 "This I say therefore, and testify in the Lord, that ye henceforth walk not as other Gentiles walk, in the vanity of their mind,"
Aspect14, Ephesians 4:20 "But ye have not so learned Christ;"
Aspect14, Ephesians 4:21 "If so be that ye have heard him, and have been taught by him, as the truth is in Jesus:"
Aspect14, Ephesians 4:24 "And that ye put on the new man, which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness."
Aspect14, Ephesians 4:26 "Be ye angry, and sin not: let not the sun go down upon your wrath:"
Aspect14, Ephesians 5:1 "Be ye therefore followers of God, as dear children;"
Aspect14, Ephesians 5:5 "For this ye know, that no whoremonger, nor unclean person, nor covetous man, who is an idolater, hath any inheritance in the kingdom of Christ and of God."
Aspect14, Ephesians 5:7 "Be not ye therefore partakers with them."
Aspect14, Ephesians 5:8 "For ye were sometimes darkness, but now are ye light in the Lord: walk as children of light:"
Aspect14, Ephesians 5:15 "See then that ye walk circumspectly, not as fools, but as wise,"
Aspect14, Ephesians 5:17 "Wherefore be ye not unwise, but understanding what the will of the Lord is."
Aspect14, Ephesians 6:4 "And, ye fathers, provoke not your children to wrath: but bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord."
Aspect14, Ephesians 6:11 "Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil."
Aspect14, Ephesians 6:16 "Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked."
Aspect14, Ephesians 6:22 "Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose, that ye might know our affairs, and that he might comfort your hearts."
Aspect14, Philippians 1:10 "That ye may approve things that are excellent; that ye may be sincere and without offence till the day of Christ."
Aspect14, Philippians 1:30 "Having the same conflict which ye saw in me, and now hear to be in me."
Aspect14, Philippians 2:2 "Fulfil ye my joy, that ye be likeminded, having the same love, being of one accord, of one mind."
Aspect14, Philippians 2:12 "Wherefore, my beloved, as ye have always obeyed, not as in my presence only, but now much more in my absence, work out your own salvation with fear and trembling."
Aspect14, Philippians 2:15 "That ye may be blameless and harmless, the sons of God, without rebuke, in the midst of a crooked and perverse nation, among whom ye shine as lights in the world;"
Aspect14, Philippians 2:18 "For the same cause also do ye joy, and rejoice with me."
Aspect14, Philippians 2:26 "For he longed after you all, and was full of heaviness, because that ye had heard that he had been sick."
Aspect14, Philippians 2:28 "I sent him therefore the more carefully, that, when ye see him again, ye may rejoice, and that I may be the less sorrowful."
Aspect14, Philippians 3:17 "Brethren, be followers together of me, and mark them which walk so as ye have us for an ensample."
Aspect14, Philippians 4:9 "Those things, which ye have both learned, and received, and heard, and seen in me, do: and the God of peace shall be with you."
Aspect14, Philippians 4:14 "Notwithstanding ye have well done, that ye did communicate with my affliction."
Aspect14, Philippians 4:15 "Now ye Philippians know also, that in the beginning of the gospel, when I departed from Macedonia, no church communicated with me as concerning giving and receiving, but ye only."
Aspect14, Colossians 1:4 "Since we heard of your faith in Christ Jesus, and of the love which ye have to all the saints,"
Aspect14, Colossians 1:23 "If ye continue in the faith grounded and settled, and be not moved away from the hope of the gospel, which ye have heard, and which was preached to every creature which is under heaven; whereof I Paul am made a minister;"
Aspect14, Colossians 2:6 "As ye have therefore received Christ Jesus the Lord, so walk ye in him:"
Aspect14, Colossians 2:7 "Rooted and built up in him, and stablished in the faith, as ye have been taught, abounding therein with thanksgiving."
Aspect14, Colossians 2:10 "And ye are complete in him, which is the head of all principality and power:"
Aspect14, Colossians 2:20 "Wherefore if ye be dead with Christ from the rudiments of the world, why, as though living in the world, are ye subject to ordinances,"
Aspect14, Colossians 3:1 "If ye then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where Christ sitteth on the right hand of God."
Aspect14, Colossians 3:3 "For ye are dead, and your life is hid with Christ in God."
Aspect14, Colossians 3:4 "When Christ, who is our life, shall appear, then shall ye also appear with him in glory."
Aspect14, Colossians 3:7 "In the which ye also walked some time, when ye lived in them."
Aspect14, Colossians 3:9 "Lie not one to another, seeing that ye have put off the old man with his deeds;"
Aspect14, Colossians 3:15 "And let the peace of God rule in your hearts, to the which also ye are called in one body; and be ye thankful."
Aspect14, Colossians 3:24 "Knowing that of the Lord ye shall receive the reward of the inheritance: for ye serve the Lord Christ."
Aspect14, Colossians 4:6 "Let your speech be alway with grace, seasoned with salt, that ye may know how ye ought to answer every man."
Aspect14, Colossians 4:12 "Epaphras, who is one of you, a servant of Christ, saluteth you, always labouring fervently for you in prayers, that ye may stand perfect and complete in all the will of God."
Aspect14, Colossians 4:16 "And when this epistle is read among you, cause that it be read also in the church of the Laodiceans; and that ye likewise read the epistle from Laodicea."
Aspect14, 1 Thessalonians 1:7 "So that ye were ensamples to all that believe in Macedonia and Achaia."
Aspect14, 1 Thessalonians 1:9 "For they themselves shew of us what manner of entering in we had unto you, and how ye turned to God from idols to serve the living and true God;"
Aspect14, 1 Thessalonians 2:5 "For neither at any time used we flattering words, as ye know, nor a cloke of covetousness; God is witness:"
Aspect14, 1 Thessalonians 2:10 "Ye are witnesses, and God also, how holily and justly and unblameably we behaved ourselves among you that believe:"
Aspect14, 1 Thessalonians 2:11 "As ye know how we exhorted and comforted and charged every one of you, as a father doth his children,"
Aspect14, 1 Thessalonians 2:14 "For ye, brethren, became followers of the churches of God which in Judaea are in Christ Jesus: for ye also have suffered like things of your own countrymen, even as they have of the Jews:"
Aspect14, 1 Thessalonians 2:20 "For ye are our glory and joy."
Aspect14, 1 Thessalonians 4:1 "Furthermore then we beseech you, brethren, and exhort you by the Lord Jesus, that as ye have received of us how ye ought to walk and to please God, so ye would abound more and more."
Aspect14, 1 Thessalonians 4:3 "For this is the will of God, even your sanctification, that ye should abstain from fornication:"
Aspect14, 1 Thessalonians 4:9 "But as touching brotherly love ye need not that I write unto you: for ye yourselves are taught of God to love one another."
Aspect14, 1 Thessalonians 4:10 "And indeed ye do it toward all the brethren which are in all Macedonia: but we beseech you, brethren, that ye increase more and more;"
Aspect14, 1 Thessalonians 4:11 "And that ye study to be quiet, and to do your own business, and to work with your own hands, as we commanded you;"
Aspect14, 1 Thessalonians 4:12 "That ye may walk honestly toward them that are without, and that ye may have lack of nothing."
Aspect14, 1 Thessalonians 5:4 "But ye, brethren, are not in darkness, that that day should overtake you as a thief."
Aspect14, 2 Thessalonians 1:4 "So that we ourselves glory in you in the churches of God for your patience and faith in all your persecutions and tribulations that ye endure:"
Aspect14, 2 Thessalonians 1:5 "Which is a manifest token of the righteous judgment of God, that ye may be counted worthy of the kingdom of God, for which ye also suffer:"
Aspect14, 2 Thessalonians 2:5 "Remember ye not, that, when I was yet with you, I told you these things?"
Aspect14, 2 Thessalonians 2:6 "And now ye know what withholdeth that he might be revealed in his time."
Aspect14, 2 Thessalonians 2:15 "Therefore, brethren, stand fast, and hold the traditions which ye have been taught, whether by word, or our epistle."
Aspect14, 2 Thessalonians 3:6 "Now we command you, brethren, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that ye withdraw yourselves from every brother that walketh disorderly, and not after the tradition which he received of us."
Aspect14, 2 Thessalonians 3:7 "For yourselves know how ye ought to follow us: for we behaved not ourselves disorderly among you;"
Aspect14, 2 Thessalonians 3:13 "But ye, brethren, be not weary in well doing."
Aspect14, 2 Timothy 2:17 "And their word will eat as doth a canker: of whom is Hymenaeus and Philetus;"
Aspect14, Hebrews 3:7 "Wherefore (as the Holy Ghost saith, To day if ye will hear his voice,"
Aspect14, Hebrews 5:11 "Of whom we have many things to say, and hard to be uttered, seeing ye are dull of hearing."
Aspect14, Hebrews 5:12 "For when for the time ye ought to be teachers, ye have need that one teach you again which be the first principles of the oracles of God; and are become such as have need of milk, and not of strong meat."
Aspect14, Hebrews 6:10 "For God is not unrighteous to forget your work and labour of love, which ye have shewed toward his name, in that ye have ministered to the saints, and do minister."
Aspect14, Hebrews 6:12 "That ye be not slothful, but followers of them who through faith and patience inherit the promises."
Aspect14, Hebrews 9:10 "Which stood only in meats and drinks, and divers washings, and carnal ordinances, imposed on them until the time of reformation."
Aspect14, Hebrews 10:32 "But call to remembrance the former days, in which, after ye were illuminated, ye endured a great fight of afflictions;"
Aspect14, Hebrews 10:33 "Partly, whilst ye were made a gazingstock both by reproaches and afflictions; and partly, whilst ye became companions of them that were so used."
Aspect14, Hebrews 10:34 "For ye had compassion of me in my bonds, and took joyfully the spoiling of your goods, knowing in yourselves that ye have in heaven a better and an enduring substance."
Aspect14, Hebrews 10:36 "For ye have need of patience, that, after ye have done the will of God, ye might receive the promise."
Aspect14, Hebrews 12:3 "For consider him that endured such contradiction of sinners against himself, lest ye be wearied and faint in your minds."
Aspect14, Hebrews 12:8 "But if ye be without chastisement, whereof all are partakers, then are ye bastards, and not sons."
Aspect14, Hebrews 13:10 "We have an altar, whereof they have no right to eat which serve the tabernacle."
Aspect14, James 1:2 "My brethren, count it all joy when ye fall into divers temptations;"
Aspect14, James 1:4 "But let patience have her perfect work, that ye may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing."
Aspect14, James 1:22 "But be ye doers of the word, and not hearers only, deceiving your own selves."
Aspect14, James 2:4 "Are ye not then partial in yourselves, and are become judges of evil thoughts?"
Aspect14, James 2:6 "But ye have despised the poor. Do not rich men oppress you, and draw you before the judgment seats?"
Aspect14, James 2:7 "Do not they blaspheme that worthy name by the which ye are called?"
Aspect14, James 2:9 "But if ye have respect to persons, ye commit sin, and are convinced of the law as transgressors."
Aspect14, James 2:12 "So speak ye, and so do, as they that shall be judged by the law of liberty."
Aspect14, James 2:16 "And one of you say unto them, Depart in peace, be ye warmed and filled; notwithstanding ye give them not those things which are needful to the body; what doth it profit?"
Aspect14, James 2:24 "Ye see then how that by works a man is justified, and not by faith only."
Aspect14, James 3:14 "But if ye have bitter envying and strife in your hearts, glory not, and lie not against the truth."
Aspect14, James 4:2 "Ye lust, and have not: ye kill, and desire to have, and cannot obtain: ye fight and war, yet ye have not, because ye ask not."
Aspect14, James 4:3 "Ye ask, and receive not, because ye ask amiss, that ye may consume it upon your lusts."
Aspect14, James 4:4 "Ye adulterers and adulteresses, know ye not that the friendship of the world is enmity with God? whosoever therefore will be a friend of the world is the enemy of God."
Aspect14, James 4:5 "Do ye think that the scripture saith in vain, The spirit that dwelleth in us lusteth to envy?"
Aspect14, James 4:8 "Draw nigh to God, and he will draw nigh to you. Cleanse your hands, ye sinners; and purify your hearts, ye double minded."
Aspect14, James 4:14 "Whereas ye know not what shall be on the morrow. For what is your life? It is even a vapour, that appeareth for a little time, and then vanisheth away."
Aspect14, James 4:16 "But now ye rejoice in your boastings: all such rejoicing is evil."
Aspect14, James 5:3 "Your gold and silver is cankered; and the rust of them shall be a witness against you, and shall eat your flesh as it were fire. Ye have heaped treasure together for the last days."
Aspect14, James 5:5 "Ye have lived in pleasure on the earth, and been wanton; ye have nourished your hearts, as in a day of slaughter."
Aspect14, James 5:6 "Ye have condemned and killed the just; and he doth not resist you."
Aspect14, 1 Peter 1:6 "Wherein ye greatly rejoice, though now for a season, if need be, ye are in heaviness through manifold temptations:"
Aspect14, 1 Peter 1:8 "Whom having not seen, ye love; in whom, though now ye see him not, yet believing, ye rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory:"
Aspect14, 1 Peter 1:15 "But as he which hath called you is holy, so be ye holy in all manner of conversation;"
Aspect14, 1 Peter 1:16 "Because it is written, Be ye holy; for I am holy."
Aspect14, 1 Peter 1:18 "Forasmuch as ye know that ye were not redeemed with corruptible things, as silver and gold, from your vain conversation received by tradition from your fathers;"
Aspect14, 1 Peter 1:22 "Seeing ye have purified your souls in obeying the truth through the Spirit unto unfeigned love of the brethren, see that ye love one another with a pure heart fervently:"
Aspect14, 1 Peter 2:2 "As newborn babes, desire the sincere milk of the word, that ye may grow thereby:"
Aspect14, 1 Peter 2:3 "If so be ye have tasted that the Lord is gracious."
Aspect14, 1 Peter 2:15 "For so is the will of God, that with well doing ye may put to silence the ignorance of foolish men:"
Aspect14, 1 Peter 2:20 "For what glory is it, if, when ye be buffeted for your faults, ye shall take it patiently? but if, when ye do well, and suffer for it, ye take it patiently, this is acceptable with God."
Aspect14, 1 Peter 2:21 "For even hereunto were ye called: because Christ also suffered for us, leaving us an example, that ye should follow his steps:"
Aspect14, 1 Peter 3:8 "Finally, be ye all of one mind, having compassion one of another, love as brethren, be pitiful, be courteous:"
Aspect14, 1 Peter 3:9 "Not rendering evil for evil, or railing for railing: but contrariwise blessing; knowing that ye are thereunto called, that ye should inherit a blessing."
Aspect14, 1 Peter 3:13 "And who is he that will harm you, if ye be followers of that which is good?"
Aspect14, 1 Peter 3:14 "But and if ye suffer for righteousness' sake, happy are ye: and be not afraid of their terror, neither be troubled;"
Aspect14, 1 Peter 4:4 "Wherein they think it strange that ye run not with them to the same excess of riot, speaking evil of you:"
Aspect14, 1 Peter 4:7 "But the end of all things is at hand: be ye therefore sober, and watch unto prayer."
Aspect14, 1 Peter 4:13 "But rejoice, inasmuch as ye are partakers of Christ's sufferings; that, when his glory shall be revealed, ye may be glad also with exceeding joy."
Aspect14, 1 Peter 4:14 "If ye be reproached for the name of Christ, happy are ye; for the spirit of glory and of God resteth upon you: on their part he is evil spoken of, but on your part he is glorified."
Aspect14, 1 Peter 4:17 "For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God: and if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God?"
Aspect14, 1 Peter 5:14 "Greet ye one another with a kiss of charity. Peace be with you all that are in Christ Jesus. Amen."
Aspect14, 2 Peter 1:4 "Whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises: that by these ye might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust."
Aspect14, 2 Peter 1:10 "Wherefore the rather, brethren, give diligence to make your calling and election sure: for if ye do these things, ye shall never fall:"
Aspect14, 2 Peter 1:12 "Wherefore I will not be negligent to put you always in remembrance of these things, though ye know them, and be established in the present truth."
Aspect14, 2 Peter 1:15 "Moreover I will endeavour that ye may be able after my decease to have these things always in remembrance."
Aspect14, 2 Peter 3:2 "That ye may be mindful of the words which were spoken before by the holy prophets, and of the commandment of us the apostles of the Lord and Saviour:"
Aspect14, 2 Peter 3:11 "Seeing then that all these things shall be dissolved, what manner of persons ought ye to be in all holy conversation and godliness,"
Aspect14, 2 Peter 3:14 "Wherefore, beloved, seeing that ye look for such things, be diligent that ye may be found of him in peace, without spot, and blameless."
Aspect14, 2 Peter 3:17 "Ye therefore, beloved, seeing ye know these things before, beware lest ye also, being led away with the error of the wicked, fall from your own stedfastness."
Aspect14, 1 John 2:14 "I have written unto you, fathers, because ye have known him that is from the beginning. I have written unto you, young men, because ye are strong, and the word of God abideth in you, and ye have overcome the wicked one."
Aspect14, 1 John 2:20 "But ye have an unction from the Holy One, and ye know all things."
Aspect14, 1 John 2:21 "I have not written unto you because ye know not the truth, but because ye know it, and that no lie is of the truth."
Aspect14, 1 John 2:24 "Let that therefore abide in you, which ye have heard from the beginning. If that which ye have heard from the beginning shall remain in you, ye also shall continue in the Son, and in the Father."
Aspect14, 1 John 2:27 "But the anointing which ye have received of him abideth in you, and ye need not that any man teach you: but as the same anointing teacheth you of all things, and is truth, and is no lie, and even as it hath taught you, ye shall abide in him."
Aspect14, 1 John 2:28 "And now, little children, abide in him; that, when he shall appear, we may have confidence, and not be ashamed before him at his coming."
Aspect14, 1 John 2:29 "If ye know that he is righteous, ye know that every one that doeth righteousness is born of him."
Aspect14, 1 John 3:5 "And ye know that he was manifested to take away our sins; and in him is no sin."
Aspect14, 1 John 3:15 "Whosoever hateth his brother is a murderer: and ye know that no murderer hath eternal life abiding in him."
Aspect14, 1 John 4:4 "Ye are of God, little children, and have overcome them: because greater is he that is in you, than he that is in the world."
Aspect14, 1 John 5:13 "These things have I written unto you that believe on the name of the Son of God; that ye may know that ye have eternal life, and that ye may believe on the name of the Son of God."
Aspect14, 2 John 1:6 "And this is love, that we walk after his commandments. This is the commandment, That, as ye have heard from the beginning, ye should walk in it."
Aspect14, 2 John 1:13 "The children of thy elect sister greet thee. Amen."
Aspect14, 3 John 1:4 "I have no greater joy than to hear that my children walk in truth."
Aspect14, Jude 1:17 "But, beloved, remember ye the words which were spoken before of the apostles of our Lord Jesus Christ;"
Aspect14, Jude 1:20 "But ye, beloved, building up yourselves on your most holy faith, praying in the Holy Ghost,"
Aspect14, Revelation 2:10 "Fear none of those things which thou shalt suffer: behold, the devil shall cast some of you into prison, that ye may be tried; and ye shall have tribulation ten days: be thou faithful unto death, and I will give thee a crown of life."
Aspect14, Revelation 2:14 "But I have a few things against thee, because thou hast there them that hold the doctrine of Balaam, who taught Balac to cast a stumblingblock before the children of Israel, to eat things sacrificed unto idols, and to commit fornication."
Aspect14, Revelation 12:12 "Therefore rejoice, ye heavens, and ye that dwell in them. Woe to the inhabiters of the earth and of the sea! for the devil is come down unto you, having great wrath, because he knoweth that he hath but a short time."
Aspect14, Revelation 17:4 "And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet colour, and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand full of abominations and filthiness of her fornication:"
Aspect14, Revelation 18:4 "And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues."
Aspect14, Revelation 19:5 "And a voice came out of the throne, saying, Praise our God, all ye his servants, and ye that fear him, both small and great."
Aspect14, Revelation 22:1 "And he shewed me a pure river of water of life, clear as crystal, proceeding out of the throne of God and of the Lamb."
