Aspect3, Genesis 2:2 "And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made."
Aspect3, Genesis 2:3 "And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it: because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made."
Aspect3, Genesis 2:11 "The name of the first is Pison: that is it which compasseth the whole land of Havilah, where there is gold;"
Aspect3, Genesis 2:12 "And the gold of that land is good: there is bdellium and the onyx stone."
Aspect3, Genesis 4:24 "If Cain shall be avenged sevenfold, truly Lamech seventy and sevenfold."
Aspect3, Genesis 10:15 "And Canaan begat Sidon his first born, and Heth,"
Aspect3, Genesis 10:17 "And the Hivite, and the Arkite, and the Sinite,"
Aspect3, Genesis 10:24 "And Arphaxad begat Salah; and Salah begat Eber."
Aspect3, Genesis 19:28 "And he looked toward Sodom and Gomorrah, and toward all the land of the plain, and beheld, and, lo, the smoke of the country went up as the smoke of a furnace."
Aspect3, Genesis 20:1 "And Abraham journeyed from thence toward the south country, and dwelled between Kadesh and Shur, and sojourned in Gerar."
Aspect3, Genesis 21:8 "And the child grew, and was weaned: and Abraham made a great feast the same day that Isaac was weaned."
Aspect3, Genesis 24:62 "And Isaac came from the way of the well Lahairoi; for he dwelt in the south country."
Aspect3, Genesis 26:14 "For he had possession of flocks, and possession of herds, and great store of servants: and the Philistines envied him."
Aspect3, Genesis 28:20 "And Jacob vowed a vow, saying, If God will be with me, and will keep me in this way that I go, and will give me bread to eat, and raiment to put on,"
Aspect3, Genesis 29:29 "And Laban gave to Rachel his daughter Bilhah his handmaid to be her maid."
Aspect3, Genesis 33:16 "So Esau returned that day on his way unto Seir."
Aspect3, Genesis 41:53 "And the seven years of plenteousness, that was in the land of Egypt, were ended."
Aspect3, Genesis 48:7 "And as for me, when I came from Padan, Rachel died by me in the land of Canaan in the way, when yet there was but a little way to come unto Ephrath: and I buried her there in the way of Ephrath; the same is Bethlehem."
Aspect3, Exodus 2:21 "And Moses was content to dwell with the man: and he gave Moses Zipporah his daughter."
Aspect3, Exodus 2:24 "And God heard their groaning, and God remembered his covenant with Abraham, with Isaac, and with Jacob."
Aspect3, Exodus 12:16 "And in the first day there shall be an holy convocation, and in the seventh day there shall be an holy convocation to you; no manner of work shall be done in them, save that which every man must eat, that only may be done of you."
Aspect3, Exodus 14:6 "And he made ready his chariot, and took his people with him:"
Aspect3, Exodus 20:8 "Remember the sabbath day, to keep it holy."
Aspect3, Exodus 21:4 "If his master have given him a wife, and she have born him sons or daughters; the wife and her children shall be her master's, and he shall go out by himself."
Aspect3, Exodus 35:33 "And in the cutting of stones, to set them, and in carving of wood, to make any manner of cunning work."
Aspect3, Exodus 37:22 "Their knops and their branches were of the same: all of it was one beaten work of pure gold."
Aspect3, Numbers 20:17 "Let us pass, I pray thee, through thy country: we will not pass through the fields, or through the vineyards, neither will we drink of the water of the wells: we will go by the king's high way, we will not turn to the right hand nor to the left, until we have passed thy borders."
Aspect3, Numbers 21:11 "And they journeyed from Oboth, and pitched at Ijeabarim, in the wilderness which is before Moab, toward the sunrising."
Aspect3, Numbers 21:22 "Let me pass through thy land: we will not turn into the fields, or into the vineyards; we will not drink of the waters of the well: but we will go along by the king's high way, until we be past thy borders."
Aspect3, Deuteronomy 1:16 "And I charged your judges at that time, saying, Hear the causes between your brethren, and judge righteously between every man and his brother, and the stranger that is with him."
Aspect3, Deuteronomy 22:20 "But if this thing be true, and the tokens of virginity be not found for the damsel:"
Aspect3, Deuteronomy 28:54 "So that the man that is tender among you, and very delicate, his eye shall be evil toward his brother, and toward the wife of his bosom, and toward the remnant of his children which he shall leave:"
Aspect3, Deuteronomy 28:56 "The tender and delicate woman among you, which would not adventure to set the sole of her foot upon the ground for delicateness and tenderness, her eye shall be evil toward the husband of her bosom, and toward her son, and toward her daughter,"
Aspect3, Deuteronomy 33:1 "And this is the blessing, wherewith Moses the man of God blessed the children of Israel before his death."
Aspect3, Joshua 6:15 "And it came to pass on the seventh day, that they rose early about the dawning of the day, and compassed the city after the same manner seven times: only on that day they compassed the city seven times."
Aspect3, Joshua 13:29 "And Moses gave inheritance unto the half tribe of Manasseh: and this was the possession of the half tribe of the children of Manasseh by their families."
Aspect3, Joshua 19:18 "And their border was toward Jezreel, and Chesulloth, and Shunem,"
Aspect3, Judges 3:16 "But Ehud made him a dagger which had two edges, of a cubit length; and he did gird it under his raiment upon his right thigh."
Aspect3, Judges 7:21 "And they stood every man in his place round about the camp; and all the host ran, and cried, and fled."
Aspect3, Judges 14:20 "But Samson's wife was given to his companion, whom he had used as his friend."
Aspect3, 1 Samuel 1:4 "And when the time was that Elkanah offered, he gave to Peninnah his wife, and to all her sons and her daughters, portions:"
Aspect3, 1 Samuel 20:39 "But the lad knew not any thing: only Jonathan and David knew the matter."
Aspect3, 1 Kings 6:35 "And he carved thereon cherubim and palm trees and open flowers: and covered them with gold fitted upon the carved work."
Aspect3, 1 Kings 7:17 "And nets of checker work, and wreaths of chain work, for the chapiters which were upon the top of the pillars; seven for the one chapiter, and seven for the other chapiter."
Aspect3, 1 Kings 7:22 "And upon the top of the pillars was lily work: so was the work of the pillars finished."
Aspect3, 1 Kings 18:28 "And they cried aloud, and cut themselves after their manner with knives and lancets, till the blood gushed out upon them."
Aspect3, 2 Kings 25:1 "And it came to pass in the ninth year of his reign, in the tenth month, in the tenth day of the month, that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came, he, and all his host, against Jerusalem, and pitched against it; and they built forts against it round about."
Aspect3, 2 Kings 25:4 "And the city was broken up, and all the men of war fled by night by the way of the gate between two walls, which is by the king's garden: (now the Chaldees were against the city round about:) and the king went the way toward the plain."
Aspect3, 2 Kings 25:30 "And his allowance was a continual allowance given him of the king, a daily rate for every day, all the days of his life."
Aspect3, 1 Chronicles 1:1 "Adam, Sheth, Enosh,"
Aspect3, 1 Chronicles 1:3 "Henoch, Methuselah, Lamech,"
Aspect3, 1 Chronicles 1:15 "And the Hivite, and the Arkite, and the Sinite,"
Aspect3, 1 Chronicles 1:26 "Serug, Nahor, Terah,"
Aspect3, 1 Chronicles 1:50 "And when Baalhanan was dead, Hadad reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Pai; and his wife's name was Mehetabel, the daughter of Matred, the daughter of Mezahab."
Aspect3, 1 Chronicles 4:40 "And they found fat pasture and good, and the land was wide, and quiet, and peaceable; for they of Ham had dwelt there of old."
Aspect3, 1 Chronicles 9:33 "And these are the singers, chief of the fathers of the Levites, who remaining in the chambers were free: for they were employed in that work day and night."
Aspect3, 1 Chronicles 24:11 "The ninth to Jeshuah, the tenth to Shecaniah,"
Aspect3, 1 Chronicles 28:14 "He gave of gold by weight for things of gold, for all instruments of all manner of service; silver also for all instruments of silver by weight, for all instruments of every kind of service:"
Aspect3, 1 Chronicles 28:16 "And by weight he gave gold for the tables of shewbread, for every table; and likewise silver for the tables of silver:"
Aspect3, 1 Chronicles 28:17 "Also pure gold for the fleshhooks, and the bowls, and the cups: and for the golden basins he gave gold by weight for every basin; and likewise silver by weight for every basin of silver:"
Aspect3, 2 Chronicles 4:3 "And under it was the similitude of oxen, which did compass it round about: ten in a cubit, compassing the sea round about. Two rows of oxen were cast, when it was cast."
Aspect3, 2 Chronicles 4:20 "Moreover the candlesticks with their lamps, that they should burn after the manner before the oracle, of pure gold;"
Aspect3, 2 Chronicles 7:9 "And in the eighth day they made a solemn assembly: for they kept the dedication of the altar seven days, and the feast seven days."
Aspect3, 2 Chronicles 8:14 "And he appointed, according to the order of David his father, the courses of the priests to their service, and the Levites to their charges, to praise and minister before the priests, as the duty of every day required: the porters also by their courses at every gate: for so had David the man of God commanded."
Aspect3, 2 Chronicles 13:18 "Thus the children of Israel were brought under at that time, and the children of Judah prevailed, because they relied upon the LORD God of their fathers."
Aspect3, 2 Chronicles 20:30 "So the realm of Jehoshaphat was quiet: for his God gave him rest round about."
Aspect3, Nehemiah 12:31 "Then I brought up the princes of Judah upon the wall, and appointed two great companies of them that gave thanks, whereof one went on the right hand upon the wall toward the dung gate:"
Aspect3, Nehemiah 13:19 "And it came to pass, that when the gates of Jerusalem began to be dark before the sabbath, I commanded that the gates should be shut, and charged that they should not be opened till after the sabbath: and some of my servants set I at the gates, that there should no burden be brought in on the sabbath day."
Aspect3, Esther 3:14 "The copy of the writing for a commandment to be given in every province was published unto all people, that they should be ready against that day."
Aspect3, Esther 4:5 "Then called Esther for Hatach, one of the king's chamberlains, whom he had appointed to attend upon her, and gave him a commandment to Mordecai, to know what it was, and why it was."
Aspect3, Esther 8:13 "The copy of the writing for a commandment to be given in every province was published unto all people, and that the Jews should be ready against that day to avenge themselves on their enemies."
Aspect3, Job 4:11 "The old lion perisheth for lack of prey, and the stout lion's whelps are scattered abroad."
Aspect3, Job 17:16 "They shall go down to the bars of the pit, when our rest together is in the dust."
Aspect3, Job 18:3 "Wherefore are we counted as beasts, and reputed vile in your sight?"
Aspect3, Job 18:10 "The snare is laid for him in the ground, and a trap for him in the way."
Aspect3, Job 28:1 "Surely there is a vein for the silver, and a place for gold where they fine it."
Aspect3, Job 28:11 "He bindeth the floods from overflowing; and the thing that is hid bringeth he forth to light."
Aspect3, Job 29:25 "I chose out their way, and sat chief, and dwelt as a king in the army, as one that comforteth the mourners."
Aspect3, Job 33:16 "Then he openeth the ears of men, and sealeth their instruction,"
Aspect3, Job 36:19 "Will he esteem thy riches? no, not gold, nor all the forces of strength."
Aspect3, Job 37:9 "Out of the south cometh the whirlwind: and cold out of the north."
Aspect3, Job 38:38 "When the dust groweth into hardness, and the clods cleave fast together?"
Aspect3, Psalm 22:13 "They gaped upon me with their mouths, as a ravening and a roaring lion."
Aspect3, Psalm 22:29 "All they that be fat upon earth shall eat and worship: all they that go down to the dust shall bow before him: and none can keep alive his own soul."
Aspect3, Psalm 35:12 "They rewarded me evil for good to the spoiling of my soul."
Aspect3, Psalm 37:27 "Depart from evil, and do good; and dwell for evermore."
Aspect3, Psalm 40:14 "Let them be ashamed and confounded together that seek after my soul to destroy it; let them be driven backward and put to shame that wish me evil."
Aspect3, Psalm 49:7 "None of them can by any means redeem his brother, nor give to God a ransom for him:"
Aspect3, Psalm 49:13 "This their way is their folly: yet their posterity approve their sayings. Selah."
Aspect3, Psalm 71:9 "Cast me not off in the time of old age; forsake me not when my strength faileth."
Aspect3, Psalm 72:14 "He shall redeem their soul from deceit and violence: and precious shall their blood be in his sight."
Aspect3, Psalm 77:3 "I remembered God, and was troubled: I complained, and my spirit was overwhelmed. Selah."
Aspect3, Psalm 78:29 "So they did eat, and were well filled: for he gave them their own desire;"
Aspect3, Psalm 78:42 "They remembered not his hand, nor the day when he delivered them from the enemy."
Aspect3, Psalm 78:50 "He made a way to his anger; he spared not their soul from death, but gave their life over to the pestilence;"
Aspect3, Psalm 81:3 "Blow up the trumpet in the new moon, in the time appointed, on our solemn feast day."
Aspect3, Psalm 91:1 "He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most High shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty."
Aspect3, Psalm 95:9 "When your fathers tempted me, proved me, and saw my work."
Aspect3, Psalm 106:15 "And he gave them their request; but sent leanness into their soul."
Aspect3, Psalm 107:23 "They that go down to the sea in ships, that do business in great waters;"
Aspect3, Psalm 109:5 "And they have rewarded me evil for good, and hatred for my love."
Aspect3, Psalm 119:30 "I have chosen the way of truth: thy judgments have I laid before me."
Aspect3, Psalm 138:2 "I will worship toward thy holy temple, and praise thy name for thy lovingkindness and for thy truth: for thou hast magnified thy word above all thy name."
Aspect3, Proverbs 2:8 "He keepeth the paths of judgment, and preserveth the way of his saints."
Aspect3, Proverbs 9:6 "Forsake the foolish, and live; and go in the way of understanding."
Aspect3, Proverbs 12:15 "The way of a fool is right in his own eyes: but he that hearkeneth unto counsel is wise."
Aspect3, Proverbs 16:29 "A violent man enticeth his neighbour, and leadeth him into the way that is not good."
Aspect3, Proverbs 17:17 "A friend loveth at all times, and a brother is born for adversity."
Aspect3, Proverbs 20:2 "The fear of a king is as the roaring of a lion: whoso provoketh him to anger sinneth against his own soul."
Aspect3, Proverbs 20:7 "The just man walketh in his integrity: his children are blessed after him."
Aspect3, Proverbs 21:2 "Every way of a man is right in his own eyes: but the LORD pondereth the hearts."
Aspect3, Proverbs 22:6 "Train up a child in the way he should go: and when he is old, he will not depart from it."
Aspect3, Proverbs 26:13 "The slothful man saith, There is a lion in the way; a lion is in the streets."
Aspect3, Proverbs 27:8 "As a bird that wandereth from her nest, so is a man that wandereth from his place."
Aspect3, Proverbs 28:10 "Whoso causeth the righteous to go astray in an evil way, he shall fall himself into his own pit: but the upright shall have good things in possession."
Aspect3, Ecclesiastes 3:20 "All go unto one place; all are of the dust, and all turn to dust again."
Aspect3, Ecclesiastes 4:13 "Better is a poor and a wise child than an old and foolish king, who will no more be admonished."
Aspect3, Ecclesiastes 8:3 "Be not hasty to go out of his sight: stand not in an evil thing; for he doeth whatsoever pleaseth him."
Aspect3, Ecclesiastes 8:6 "Because to every purpose there is time and judgment, therefore the misery of man is great upon him."
Aspect3, Ecclesiastes 10:15 "The labour of the foolish wearieth every one of them, because he knoweth not how to go to the city."
Aspect3, Song of Solomon 7:10 "I am my beloved's, and his desire is toward me."
Aspect3, Jeremiah 4:22 "For my people is foolish, they have not known me; they are sottish children, and they have none understanding: they are wise to do evil, but to do good they have no knowledge."
Aspect3, Jeremiah 18:8 "If that nation, against whom I have pronounced, turn from their evil, I will repent of the evil that I thought to do unto them."
Aspect3, Jeremiah 24:10 "And I will send the sword, the famine, and the pestilence, among them, till they be consumed from off the land that I gave unto them and to their fathers."
Aspect3, Jeremiah 41:4 "And it came to pass the second day after he had slain Gedaliah, and no man knew it,"
Aspect3, Jeremiah 52:4 "And it came to pass in the ninth year of his reign, in the tenth month, in the tenth day of the month, that Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon came, he and all his army, against Jerusalem, and pitched against it, and built forts against it round about."
Aspect3, Lamentations 3:38 "Out of the mouth of the most High proceedeth not evil and good?"
Aspect3, Ezekiel 40:27 "And there was a gate in the inner court toward the south: and he measured from gate to gate toward the south an hundred cubits."
Aspect3, Ezekiel 42:1 "Then he brought me forth into the utter court, the way toward the north: and he brought me into the chamber that was over against the separate place, and which was before the building toward the north."
Aspect3, Ezekiel 46:9 "But when the people of the land shall come before the LORD in the solemn feasts, he that entereth in by the way of the north gate to worship shall go out by the way of the south gate; and he that entereth by the way of the south gate shall go forth by the way of the north gate: he shall not return by the way of the gate whereby he came in, but shall go forth over against it."
Aspect3, Ezekiel 47:9 "And it shall come to pass, that every thing that liveth, which moveth, whithersoever the rivers shall come, shall live: and there shall be a very great multitude of fish, because these waters shall come thither: for they shall be healed; and every thing shall live whither the river cometh."
Aspect3, Daniel 8:12 "And an host was given him against the daily sacrifice by reason of transgression, and it cast down the truth to the ground; and it practised, and prospered."
Aspect3, Daniel 10:1 "In the third year of Cyrus king of Persia a thing was revealed unto Daniel, whose name was called Belteshazzar; and the thing was true, but the time appointed was long: and he understood the thing, and had understanding of the vision."
Aspect3, Jonah 1:7 "And they said every one to his fellow, Come, and let us cast lots, that we may know for whose cause this evil is upon us. So they cast lots, and the lot fell upon Jonah."
Aspect3, Zephaniah 3:19 "Behold, at that time I will undo all that afflict thee: and I will save her that halteth, and gather her that was driven out; and I will get them praise and fame in every land where they have been put to shame."
Aspect3, Matthew 7:13 "Enter ye in at the strait gate: for wide is the gate, and broad is the way, that leadeth to destruction, and many there be which go in thereat:"
Aspect3, Matthew 10:21 "And the brother shall deliver up the brother to death, and the father the child: and the children shall rise up against their parents, and cause them to be put to death."
Aspect3, Matthew 12:1 "At that time Jesus went on the sabbath day through the corn; and his disciples were an hungred, and began to pluck the ears of corn and to eat."
Aspect3, Matthew 14:6 "But when Herod's birthday was kept, the daughter of Herodias danced before them, and pleased Herod."
Aspect3, Matthew 16:20 "Then charged he his disciples that they should tell no man that he was Jesus the Christ."
Aspect3, Matthew 20:15 "Is it not lawful for me to do what I will with mine own? Is thine eye evil, because I am good?"
Aspect3, Mark 5:17 "And they began to pray him to depart out of their coasts."
Aspect3, Mark 6:28 "And brought his head in a charger, and gave it to the damsel: and the damsel gave it to her mother."
Aspect3, Mark 8:30 "And he charged them that they should tell no man of him."
Aspect3, Mark 14:23 "And he took the cup, and when he had given thanks, he gave it to them: and they all drank of it."
Aspect3, Luke 1:44 "For, lo, as soon as the voice of thy salutation sounded in mine ears, the babe leaped in my womb for joy."
Aspect3, Luke 4:2 "Being forty days tempted of the devil. And in those days he did eat nothing: and when they were ended, he afterward hungered."
Aspect3, Luke 12:21 "So is he that layeth up treasure for himself, and is not rich toward God."
Aspect3, Luke 13:16 "And ought not this woman, being a daughter of Abraham, whom Satan hath bound, lo, these eighteen years, be loosed from this bond on the sabbath day?"
Aspect3, Luke 23:50 "And, behold, there was a man named Joseph, a counsellor; and he was a good man, and a just:"
Aspect3, John 3:21 "But he that doeth truth cometh to the light, that his deeds may be made manifest, that they are wrought in God."
Aspect3, John 5:17 "But Jesus answered them, My Father worketh hitherto, and I work."
Aspect3, John 7:22 "Moses therefore gave unto you circumcision; (not because it is of Moses, but of the fathers;) and ye on the sabbath day circumcise a man."
Aspect3, John 9:4 "I must work the works of him that sent me, while it is day: the night cometh, when no man can work."
Aspect3, John 10:11 "I am the good shepherd: the good shepherd giveth his life for the sheep."
Aspect3, John 16:5 "But now I go my way to him that sent me; and none of you asketh me, Whither goest thou?"
Aspect3, Acts 5:1 "But a certain man named Ananias, with Sapphira his wife, sold a possession,"
Aspect3, Acts 6:7 "And the word of God increased; and the number of the disciples multiplied in Jerusalem greatly; and a great company of the priests were obedient to the faith."
Aspect3, Acts 7:12 "But when Jacob heard that there was corn in Egypt, he sent out our fathers first."
Aspect3, Acts 7:19 "The same dealt subtilly with our kindred, and evil entreated our fathers, so that they cast out their young children, to the end they might not live."
Aspect3, Acts 7:57 "Then they cried out with a loud voice, and stopped their ears, and ran upon him with one accord,"
Aspect3, Acts 13:27 "For they that dwell at Jerusalem, and their rulers, because they knew him not, nor yet the voices of the prophets which are read every sabbath day, they have fulfilled them in condemning him."
Aspect3, Acts 14:20 "Howbeit, as the disciples stood round about him, he rose up, and came into the city: and the next day he departed with Barnabas to Derbe."
Aspect3, Acts 14:26 "And thence sailed to Antioch, from whence they had been recommended to the grace of God for the work which they fulfilled."
Aspect3, Acts 15:21 "For Moses of old time hath in every city them that preach him, being read in the synagogues every sabbath day."
Aspect3, Acts 16:2 "Which was well reported of by the brethren that were at Lystra and Iconium."
Aspect3, Acts 20:16 "For Paul had determined to sail by Ephesus, because he would not spend the time in Asia: for he hasted, if it were possible for him, to be at Jerusalem the day of Pentecost."
Aspect3, Acts 22:3 "I am verily a man which am a Jew, born in Tarsus, a city in Cilicia, yet brought up in this city at the feet of Gamaliel, and taught according to the perfect manner of the law of the fathers, and was zealous toward God, as ye all are this day."
Aspect3, Acts 24:25 "And as he reasoned of righteousness, temperance, and judgment to come, Felix trembled, and answered, Go thy way for this time; when I have a convenient season, I will call for thee."
Aspect3, Acts 26:13 "At midday, O king, I saw in the way a light from heaven, above the brightness of the sun, shining round about me and them which journeyed with me."
Aspect3, Acts 27:39 "And when it was day, they knew not the land: but they discovered a certain creek with a shore, into the which they were minded, if it were possible, to thrust in the ship."
Aspect3, Acts 27:41 "And falling into a place where two seas met, they ran the ship aground; and the forepart stuck fast, and remained unmoveable, but the hinder part was broken with the violence of the waves."
Aspect3, Romans 3:11 "There is none that understandeth, there is none that seeketh after God."
Aspect3, Romans 3:12 "They are all gone out of the way, they are together become unprofitable; there is none that doeth good, no, not one."
Aspect3, Romans 7:19 "For the good that I would I do not: but the evil which I would not, that I do."
Aspect3, Romans 12:16 "Be of the same mind one toward another. Mind not high things, but condescend to men of low estate. Be not wise in your own conceits."
Aspect3, Romans 12:21 "Be not overcome of evil, but overcome evil with good."
Aspect3, Romans 14:16 "Let not then your good be evil spoken of:"
Aspect3, Romans 15:5 "Now the God of patience and consolation grant you to be likeminded one toward another according to Christ Jesus:"
Aspect3, Romans 16:23 "Gaius mine host, and of the whole church, saluteth you. Erastus the chamberlain of the city saluteth you, and Quartus a brother."
Aspect3, 1 Corinthians 7:2 "Nevertheless, to avoid fornication, let every man have his own wife, and let every woman have her own husband."
Aspect3, 1 Corinthians 10:30 "For if I by grace be a partaker, why am I evil spoken of for that for which I give thanks?"
Aspect3, 1 Corinthians 13:5 "Doth not behave itself unseemly, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinketh no evil;"
Aspect3, 1 Corinthians 15:33 "Be not deceived: evil communications corrupt good manners."
Aspect3, 2 Corinthians 1:16 "And to pass by you into Macedonia, and to come again out of Macedonia unto you, and of you to be brought on my way toward Judaea."
Aspect3, 2 Corinthians 4:2 "But have renounced the hidden things of dishonesty, not walking in craftiness, nor handling the word of God deceitfully; but by manifestation of the truth commending ourselves to every man's conscience in the sight of God."
Aspect3, 2 Corinthians 9:11 "Being enriched in every thing to all bountifulness, which causeth through us thanksgiving to God."
Aspect3, 2 Corinthians 11:10 "As the truth of Christ is in me, no man shall stop me of this boasting in the regions of Achaia."
Aspect3, Galatians 2:5 "To whom we gave place by subjection, no, not for an hour; that the truth of the gospel might continue with you."
Aspect3, Galatians 6:9 "And let us not be weary in well doing: for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not."
Aspect3, Ephesians 4:12 "For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ:"
Aspect3, Ephesians 5:16 "Redeeming the time, because the days are evil."
Aspect3, Philippians 2:13 "For it is God which worketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure."
Aspect3, Philippians 2:30 "Because for the work of Christ he was nigh unto death, not regarding his life, to supply your lack of service toward me."
Aspect3, Philippians 3:14 "I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus."
Aspect3, Philippians 3:16 "Nevertheless, whereto we have already attained, let us walk by the same rule, let us mind the same thing."
Aspect3, 1 Thessalonians 5:17 "Pray without ceasing."
Aspect3, 1 Thessalonians 5:22 "Abstain from all appearance of evil."
Aspect3, 1 Thessalonians 5:25 "Brethren, pray for us."
Aspect3, 2 Thessalonians 1:3 "We are bound to thank God always for you, brethren, as it is meet, because that your faith groweth exceedingly, and the charity of every one of you all toward each other aboundeth;"
Aspect3, 2 Thessalonians 1:11 "Wherefore also we pray always for you, that our God would count you worthy of this calling, and fulfil all the good pleasure of his goodness, and the work of faith with power:"
Aspect3, 1 Timothy 2:3 "For this is good and acceptable in the sight of God our Saviour;"
Aspect3, 1 Timothy 3:2 "A bishop then must be blameless, the husband of one wife, vigilant, sober, of good behaviour, given to hospitality, apt to teach;"
Aspect3, 1 Timothy 3:12 "Let the deacons be the husbands of one wife, ruling their children and their own houses well."
Aspect3, 1 Timothy 4:4 "For every creature of God is good, and nothing to be refused, if it be received with thanksgiving:"
Aspect3, 1 Timothy 5:10 "Well reported of for good works; if she have brought up children, if she have lodged strangers, if she have washed the saints' feet, if she have relieved the afflicted, if she have diligently followed every good work."
Aspect3, 1 Timothy 5:17 "Let the elders that rule well be counted worthy of double honour, especially they who labour in the word and doctrine."
Aspect3, 2 Timothy 4:7 "I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith:"
Aspect3, Titus 3:1 "Put them in mind to be subject to principalities and powers, to obey magistrates, to be ready to every good work,"
Aspect3, Hebrews 4:8 "For if Jesus had given them rest, then would he not afterward have spoken of another day."
Aspect3, Hebrews 7:6 "But he whose descent is not counted from them received tithes of Abraham, and blessed him that had the promises."
Aspect3, Hebrews 13:16 "But to do good and to communicate forget not: for with such sacrifices God is well pleased."
Aspect3, Hebrews 13:25 "Grace be with you all. Amen."
Aspect3, James 1:24 "For he beholdeth himself, and goeth his way, and straightway forgetteth what manner of man he was."
Aspect3, 1 Peter 3:17 "For it is better, if the will of God be so, that ye suffer for well doing, than for evil doing."
Aspect3, 1 John 2:10 "He that loveth his brother abideth in the light, and there is none occasion of stumbling in him."
Aspect3, 1 John 3:12 "Not as Cain, who was of that wicked one, and slew his brother. And wherefore slew he him? Because his own works were evil, and his brother's righteous."
Aspect3, 2 John 1:4 "I rejoiced greatly that I found of thy children walking in truth, as we have received a commandment from the Father."
Aspect3, 2 John 1:11 "For he that biddeth him God speed is partaker of his evil deeds."
Aspect3, 3 John 1:11 "Beloved, follow not that which is evil, but that which is good. He that doeth good is of God: but he that doeth evil hath not seen God."
Aspect3, Revelation 2:3 "And hast borne, and hast patience, and for my name's sake hast laboured, and hast not fainted."
Aspect3, Revelation 6:12 "And I beheld when he had opened the sixth seal, and, lo, there was a great earthquake; and the sun became black as sackcloth of hair, and the moon became as blood;"
Aspect3, Revelation 11:18 "And the nations were angry, and thy wrath is come, and the time of the dead, that they should be judged, and that thou shouldest give reward unto thy servants the prophets, and to the saints, and them that fear thy name, small and great; and shouldest destroy them which destroy the earth."
