Aspect4, Genesis 2:19 "And out of the ground the LORD God formed every beast of the field, and every fowl of the air; and brought them unto Adam to see what he would call them: and whatsoever Adam called every living creature, that was the name thereof."
Aspect4, Genesis 4:2 "And she again bare his brother Abel. And Abel was a keeper of sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground."
Aspect4, Genesis 8:21 "And the LORD smelled a sweet savor; and the LORD said in his heart, I will not again curse the ground any more for man's sake; for the imagination of man's heart is evil from his youth; neither will I again smite any more every thing living, as I have done."
Aspect4, Genesis 10:21 "Unto Shem also, the father of all the children of Eber, the brother of Japheth the elder, even to him were children born."
Aspect4, Genesis 10:22 "The children of Shem; Elam, and Asshur, and Arphaxad, and Lud, and Aram."
Aspect4, Genesis 10:23 "And the children of Aram; Uz, and Hul, and Gether, and Mash."
Aspect4, Genesis 12:20 "And Pharaoh commanded his men concerning him: and they sent him away, and his wife, and all that he had."
Aspect4, Genesis 16:12 "And he will be a wild man; his hand will be against every man, and every man's hand against him; and he shall dwell in the presence of all his brethren."
Aspect4, Genesis 19:38 "And the younger, she also bare a son, and called his name Benammi: the same is the father of the children of Ammon unto this day."
Aspect4, Genesis 20:17 "So Abraham prayed unto God: and God healed Abimelech, and his wife, and his maidservants; and they bare children."
Aspect4, Genesis 24:9 "And the servant put his hand under the thigh of Abraham his master, and sware to him concerning that matter."
Aspect4, Genesis 24:66 "And the servant told Isaac all things that he had done."
Aspect4, Genesis 25:2 "And she bare him Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah."
Aspect4, Genesis 25:7 "And these are the days of the years of Abraham's life which he lived, an hundred threescore and fifteen years."
Aspect4, Genesis 27:44 "And tarry with him a few days, until thy brother's fury turn away;"
Aspect4, Genesis 33:2 "And he put the handmaids and their children foremost, and Leah and her children after, and Rachel and Joseph hindermost."
Aspect4, Genesis 36:4 "And Adah bare to Esau Eliphaz; and Bashemath bare Reuel;"
Aspect4, Genesis 39:6 "And he left all that he had in Joseph's hand; and he knew not ought he had, save the bread which he did eat. And Joseph was a goodly person, and well favored."
Aspect4, Genesis 45:15 "Moreover he kissed all his brethren, and wept upon them: and after that his brethren talked with him."
Aspect4, Genesis 45:24 "So he sent his brethren away, and they departed: and he said unto them, See that ye fall not out by the way."
Aspect4, Exodus 1:6 "And Joseph died, and all his brethren, and all that generation."
Aspect4, Exodus 2:2 "And the woman conceived, and bare a son: and when she saw him that he was a goodly child, she hid him three months."
Aspect4, Exodus 7:3 "And I will harden Pharaoh's heart, and multiply my signs and my wonders in the land of Egypt."
Aspect4, Exodus 9:6 "And the LORD did that thing on the morrow, and all the cattle of Egypt died: but of the cattle of the children of Israel died not one."
Aspect4, Exodus 9:35 "And the heart of Pharaoh was hardened, neither would he let the children of Israel go; as the LORD had spoken by Moses."
Aspect4, Exodus 10:20 "But the LORD hardened Pharaoh's heart, so that he would not let the children of Israel go."
Aspect4, Exodus 14:22 "And the children of Israel went into the midst of the sea upon the dry ground: and the waters were a wall unto them on their right hand, and on their left."
Aspect4, Exodus 14:29 "But the children of Israel walked upon dry land in the midst of the sea; and the waters were a wall unto them on their right hand, and on their left."
Aspect4, Exodus 16:2 "And the whole congregation of the children of Israel murmured against Moses and Aaron in the wilderness:"
Aspect4, Exodus 16:29 "See, for that the LORD hath given you the sabbath, therefore he giveth you on the sixth day the bread of two days; abide ye every man in his place, let no man go out of his place on the seventh day."
Aspect4, Exodus 21:5 "And if the servant shall plainly say, I love my master, my wife, and my children; I will not go out free:"
Aspect4, Exodus 21:26 "And if a man smite the eye of his servant, or the eye of his maid, that it perish; he shall let him go free for his eye's sake."
Aspect4, Exodus 25:2 "Speak unto the children of Israel, that they bring me an offering: of every man that giveth it willingly with his heart ye shall take my offering."
Aspect4, Exodus 28:10 "Six of their names on one stone, and the other six names of the rest on the other stone, according to their birth."
Aspect4, Exodus 28:21 "And the stones shall be with the names of the children of Israel, twelve, according to their names, like the engravings of a signet; every one with his name shall they be according to the twelve tribes."
Aspect4, Exodus 29:23 "And one loaf of bread, and one cake of oiled bread, and one wafer out of the basket of the unleavened bread that is before the LORD:"
Aspect4, Exodus 32:27 "And he said unto them, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Put every man his sword by his side, and go in and out from gate to gate throughout the camp, and slay every man his brother, and every man his companion, and every man his neighbor."
Aspect4, Exodus 39:14 "And the stones were according to the names of the children of Israel, twelve, according to their names, like the engravings of a signet, every one with his name, according to the twelve tribes."
Aspect4, Exodus 39:34 "And the covering of rams' skins dyed red, and the covering of badgers' skins, and the vail of the covering,"
Aspect4, Leviticus 6:18 "All the males among the children of Aaron shall eat of it. It shall be a statute for ever in your generations concerning the offerings of the LORD made by fire: every one that toucheth them shall be holy."
Aspect4, Leviticus 25:54 "And if he be not redeemed in these years, then he shall go out in the year of jubilee, both he, and his children with him."
Aspect4, Leviticus 26:37 "And they shall fall one upon another, as it were before a sword, when none pursueth: and ye shall have no power to stand before your enemies."
Aspect4, Leviticus 27:17 "If he sanctify his field from the year of jubilee, according to thy estimation it shall stand."
Aspect4, Numbers 1:4 "And with you there shall be a man of every tribe; every one head of the house of his fathers."
Aspect4, Numbers 1:5 "And these are the names of the men that shall stand with you: of the tribe of Reuben; Elizur the son of Shedeur."
Aspect4, Numbers 1:52 "And the children of Israel shall pitch their tents, every man by his own camp, and every man by his own standard, throughout their hosts."
Aspect4, Numbers 2:2 "Every man of the children of Israel shall pitch by his own standard, with the ensign of their father's house: far off about the tabernacle of the congregation shall they pitch."
Aspect4, Numbers 2:10 "On the south side shall be the standard of the camp of Reuben according to their armies: and the captain of the children of Reuben shall be Elizur the son of Shedeur."
Aspect4, Numbers 3:46 "And for those that are to be redeemed of the two hundred and threescore and thirteen of the firstborn of the children of Israel, which are more than the Levites;"
Aspect4, Numbers 4:6 "And shall put thereon the covering of badgers' skins, and shall spread over it a cloth wholly of blue, and shall put in the staves thereof."
Aspect4, Numbers 4:12 "And they shall take all the instruments of ministry, wherewith they minister in the sanctuary, and put them in a cloth of blue, and cover them with a covering of badgers' skins, and shall put them on a bar:"
Aspect4, Numbers 4:13 "And they shall take away the ashes from the altar, and spread a purple cloth thereon:"
Aspect4, Numbers 4:20 "But they shall not go in to see when the holy things are covered, lest they die."
Aspect4, Numbers 6:27 "And they shall put my name upon the children of Israel, and I will bless them."
Aspect4, Numbers 7:30 "On the fourth day Elizur the son of Shedeur, prince of the children of Reuben, did offer:"
Aspect4, Numbers 14:23 "Surely they shall not see the land which I sware unto their fathers, neither shall any of them that provoked me see it:"
Aspect4, Numbers 14:29 "Your carcasses shall fall in this wilderness; and all that were numbered of you, according to your whole number, from twenty years old and upward which have murmured against me."
Aspect4, Numbers 14:32 "But as for you, your carcasses, they shall fall in this wilderness."
Aspect4, Numbers 21:10 "And the children of Israel set forward, and pitched in Oboth."
Aspect4, Numbers 24:17 "I shall see him, but not now: I shall behold him, but not nigh: there shall come a Star out of Jacob, and a Sceptre shall rise out of Israel, and shall smite the corners of Moab, and destroy all the children of Sheth."
Aspect4, Numbers 26:11 "Notwithstanding the children of Korah died not."
Aspect4, Numbers 32:1 "Now the children of Reuben and the children of Gad had a very great multitude of cattle: and when they saw the land of Jazer, and the land of Gilead, that, behold, the place was a place for cattle;"
Aspect4, Numbers 32:9 "For when they went up unto the valley of Eshcol, and saw the land, they discouraged the heart of the children of Israel, that they should not go into the land which the LORD had given them."
Aspect4, Numbers 32:25 "And the children of Gad and the children of Reuben spake unto Moses, saying, Thy servants will do as my lord commandeth."
Aspect4, Numbers 32:31 "And the children of Gad and the children of Reuben answered, saying, As the LORD hath said unto thy servants, so will we do."
Aspect4, Numbers 32:34 "And the children of Gad built Dibon, and Ataroth, and Aroer,"
Aspect4, Numbers 32:37 "And the children of Reuben built Heshbon, and Elealeh, and Kirjathaim,"
Aspect4, Numbers 33:45 "And they departed from Iim, and pitched in Dibongad."
Aspect4, Numbers 34:11 "And the coast shall go down from Shepham to Riblah, on the east side of Ain; and the border shall descend, and shall reach unto the side of the sea of Chinnereth eastward:"
Aspect4, Numbers 34:23 "The prince of the children of Joseph, for the tribe of the children of Manasseh, Hanniel the son of Ephod."
Aspect4, Numbers 36:8 "And every daughter, that possesseth an inheritance in any tribe of the children of Israel, shall be wife unto one of the family of the tribe of her father, that the children of Israel may enjoy every man the inheritance of his fathers."
Aspect4, Deuteronomy 1:40 "But as for you, turn you, and take your journey into the wilderness by the way of the Red sea."
Aspect4, Deuteronomy 2:27 "Let me pass through thy land: I will go along by the high way, I will neither turn unto the right hand nor to the left."
Aspect4, Deuteronomy 3:19 "But your wives, and your little ones, and your cattle, (for I know that ye have much cattle,) shall abide in your cities which I have given you;"
Aspect4, Deuteronomy 17:17 "Neither shall he multiply wives to himself, that his heart turn not away: neither shall he greatly multiply to himself silver and gold."
Aspect4, Deuteronomy 19:5 "As when a man goeth into the wood with his neighbor to hew wood, and his hand fetcheth a stroke with the axe to cut down the tree, and the head slippeth from the helve, and lighteth upon his neighbor, that he die; he shall flee unto one of those cities, and live:"
Aspect4, Deuteronomy 19:21 "And thine eye shall not pity; but life shall go for life, eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot."
Aspect4, Deuteronomy 21:15 "If a man have two wives, one beloved, and another hated, and they have born him children, both the beloved and the hated; and if the firstborn son be hers that was hated:"
Aspect4, Joshua 2:19 "And it shall be, that whosoever shall go out of the doors of thy house into the street, his blood shall be upon his head, and we will be guiltless: and whosoever shall be with thee in the house, his blood shall be on our head, if any hand be upon him."
Aspect4, Joshua 4:12 "And the children of Reuben, and the children of Gad, and half the tribe of Manasseh, passed over armed before the children of Israel, as Moses spake unto them:"
Aspect4, Joshua 11:14 "And all the spoil of these cities, and the cattle, the children of Israel took for a prey unto themselves; but every man they smote with the edge of the sword, until they had destroyed them, neither left they any to breathe."
Aspect4, Joshua 13:28 "This is the inheritance of the children of Gad after their families, the cities, and their villages."
Aspect4, Joshua 14:4 "For the children of Joseph were two tribes, Manasseh and Ephraim: therefore they gave no part unto the Levites in the land, save cities to dwell in, with their suburbs for their cattle and for their substance."
Aspect4, Joshua 16:4 "So the children of Joseph, Manasseh and Ephraim, took their inheritance."
Aspect4, Joshua 16:9 "And the separate cities for the children of Ephraim were among the inheritance of the children of Manasseh, all the cities with their villages."
Aspect4, Joshua 17:2 "There was also a lot for the rest of the children of Manasseh by their families; for the children of Abiezer, and for the children of Helek, and for the children of Asriel, and for the children of Shechem, and for the children of Hepher, and for the children of Shemida: these were the male children of Manasseh the son of Joseph by their families."
Aspect4, Joshua 17:12 "Yet the children of Manasseh could not drive out the inhabitants of those cities; but the Canaanites would dwell in that land."
Aspect4, Joshua 18:21 "Now the cities of the tribe of the children of Benjamin according to their families were Jericho, and Bethhoglah, and the valley of Keziz,"
Aspect4, Joshua 19:9 "Out of the portion of the children of Judah was the inheritance of the children of Simeon: for the part of the children of Judah was too much for them: therefore the children of Simeon had their inheritance within the inheritance of them."
Aspect4, Joshua 19:16 "This is the inheritance of the children of Zebulun according to their families, these cities with their villages."
Aspect4, Joshua 19:31 "This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Asher according to their families, these cities with their villages."
Aspect4, Joshua 19:39 "This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Naphtali according to their families, the cities and their villages."
Aspect4, Joshua 21:7 "The children of Merari by their families had out of the tribe of Reuben, and out of the tribe of Gad, and out of the tribe of Zebulun, twelve cities."
Aspect4, Joshua 21:10 "Which the children of Aaron, being of the families of the Kohathites, who were of the children of Levi, had: for theirs was the first lot."
Aspect4, Joshua 22:9 "And the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh returned, and departed from the children of Israel out of Shiloh, which is in the land of Canaan, to go unto the country of Gilead, to the land of their possession, whereof they were possessed, according to the word of the LORD by the hand of Moses."
Aspect4, Joshua 22:10 "And when they came unto the borders of Jordan, that are in the land of Canaan, the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh built there an altar by Jordan, a great altar to see to."
Aspect4, Joshua 22:11 "And the children of Israel heard say, Behold, the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh have built an altar over against the land of Canaan, in the borders of Jordan, at the passage of the children of Israel."
Aspect4, Joshua 22:34 "And the children of Reuben and the children of Gad called the altar Ed: for it shall be a witness between us that the LORD is God."
Aspect4, Judges 2:6 "And when Joshua had let the people go, the children of Israel went every man unto his inheritance to possess the land."
Aspect4, Judges 6:2 "And the hand of Midian prevailed against Israel: and because of the Midianites the children of Israel made them the dens which are in the mountains, and caves, and strong holds."
Aspect4, Judges 8:34 "And the children of Israel remembered not the LORD their God, who had delivered them out of the hands of all their enemies on every side:"
Aspect4, Judges 9:17 "(For my father fought for you, and adventured his life far, and delivered you out of the hand of Midian:"
Aspect4, Judges 15:18 "And he was sore athirst, and called on the LORD, and said, Thou hast given this great deliverance into the hand of thy servant: and now shall I die for thirst, and fall into the hand of the uncircumcised?"
Aspect4, Judges 20:14 "But the children of Benjamin gathered themselves together out of the cities unto Gibeah, to go out to battle against the children of Israel."
Aspect4, Judges 21:10 "And the congregation sent thither twelve thousand men of the valiantest, and commanded them, saying, Go and smite the inhabitants of Jabeshgilead with the edge of the sword, with the women and the children."
Aspect4, Judges 21:13 "And the whole congregation sent some to speak to the children of Benjamin that were in the rock Rimmon, and to call peaceably unto them."
Aspect4, Judges 21:20 "Therefore they commanded the children of Benjamin, saying, Go and lie in wait in the vineyards;"
Aspect4, 1 Samuel 1:2 "And he had two wives; the name of the one was Hannah, and the name of the other Peninnah: and Peninnah had children, but Hannah had no children."
Aspect4, 1 Samuel 22:2 "And every one that was in distress, and every one that was in debt, and every one that was discontented, gathered themselves unto him; and he became a captain over them: and there were with him about four hundred men."
Aspect4, 1 Samuel 24:15 "The LORD therefore be judge, and judge between me and thee, and see, and plead my cause, and deliver me out of thine hand."
Aspect4, 1 Samuel 27:1 "And David said in his heart, I shall now perish one day by the hand of Saul: there is nothing better for me than that I should speedily escape into the land of the Philistines; and Saul shall despair of me, to seek me any more in any coast of Israel: so shall I escape out of his hand."
Aspect4, 2 Samuel 2:25 "And the children of Benjamin gathered themselves together after Abner, and became one troop, and stood on the top of an hill."
Aspect4, 2 Samuel 3:29 "Let it rest on the head of Joab, and on all his father's house; and let there not fail from the house of Joab one that hath an issue, or that is a leper, or that leaneth on a staff, or that falleth on the sword, or that lacketh bread."
Aspect4, 2 Samuel 7:21 "For thy word's sake, and according to thine own heart, hast thou done all these great things, to make thy servant know them."
Aspect4, 2 Samuel 10:10 "And the rest of the people he delivered into the hand of Abishai his brother, that he might put them in array against the children of Ammon."
Aspect4, 2 Samuel 12:23 "But now he is dead, wherefore should I fast? can I bring him back again? I shall go to him, but he shall not return to me."
Aspect4, 2 Samuel 14:30 "Therefore he said unto his servants, See, Joab's field is near mine, and he hath barley there; go and set it on fire. And Absalom's servants set the field on fire."
Aspect4, 2 Samuel 17:19 "And the woman took and spread a covering over the well's mouth, and spread ground corn thereon; and the thing was not known."
Aspect4, 2 Samuel 22:33 "God is my strength and power: and he maketh my way perfect."
Aspect4, 2 Samuel 24:14 "And David said unto Gad, I am in a great strait: let us fall now into the hand of the LORD; for his mercies are great: and let me not fall into the hand of man."
Aspect4, 1 Kings 3:19 "And this woman's child died in the night; because she overlaid it."
Aspect4, 1 Kings 5:4 "But now the LORD my God hath given me rest on every side, so that there is neither adversary nor evil occurrent."
Aspect4, 1 Kings 7:39 "And he put five bases on the right side of the house, and five on the left side of the house: and he set the sea on the right side of the house eastward over against the south."
Aspect4, 1 Kings 9:21 "Their children that were left after them in the land, whom the children of Israel also were not able utterly to destroy, upon those did Solomon levy a tribute of bondservice unto this day."
Aspect4, 1 Kings 11:10 "And had commanded him concerning this thing, that he should not go after other gods: but he kept not that which the LORD commanded."
Aspect4, 1 Chronicles 5:11 "And the children of Gad dwelt over against them, in the land of Bashan unto Salcah:"
Aspect4, 1 Chronicles 6:65 "And they gave by lot out of the tribe of the children of Judah, and out of the tribe of the children of Simeon, and out of the tribe of the children of Benjamin, these cities, which are called by their names."
Aspect4, 1 Chronicles 6:77 "Unto the rest of the children of Merari were given out of the tribe of Zebulun, Rimmon with her suburbs, Tabor with her suburbs:"
Aspect4, 1 Chronicles 8:8 "And Shaharaim begat children in the country of Moab, after he had sent them away; Hushim and Baara were his wives."
Aspect4, 1 Chronicles 9:18 "Who hitherto waited in the king's gate eastward: they were porters in the companies of the children of Levi."
Aspect4, 1 Chronicles 12:24 "The children of Judah that bare shield and spear were six thousand and eight hundred, ready armed to the war."
Aspect4, 1 Chronicles 14:4 "Now these are the names of his children which he had in Jerusalem; Shammua, and Shobab, Nathan, and Solomon,"
Aspect4, 1 Chronicles 21:13 "And David said unto Gad, I am in a great strait: let me fall now into the hand of the LORD; for very great are his mercies: but let me not fall into the hand of man."
Aspect4, 2 Chronicles 11:19 "Which bare him children; Jeush, and Shamariah, and Zaham."
Aspect4, 2 Chronicles 15:17 "But the high places were not taken away out of Israel: nevertheless the heart of Asa was perfect all his days."
Aspect4, Ezra 2:3 "The children of Parosh, two thousand an hundred seventy and two."
Aspect4, Ezra 2:10 "The children of Bani, six hundred forty and two."
Aspect4, Ezra 2:11 "The children of Bebai, six hundred twenty and three."
Aspect4, Ezra 2:12 "The children of Azgad, a thousand two hundred twenty and two."
Aspect4, Ezra 2:13 "The children of Adonikam, six hundred sixty and six."
Aspect4, Ezra 2:16 "The children of Ater of Hezekiah, ninety and eight."
Aspect4, Ezra 2:17 "The children of Bezai, three hundred twenty and three."
Aspect4, Ezra 2:19 "The children of Hashum, two hundred twenty and three."
Aspect4, Ezra 2:21 "The children of Bethlehem, an hundred twenty and three."
Aspect4, Ezra 2:24 "The children of Azmaveth, forty and two."
Aspect4, Ezra 2:26 "The children of Ramah and Gaba, six hundred twenty and one."
Aspect4, Ezra 2:32 "The children of Harim, three hundred and twenty."
Aspect4, Ezra 2:35 "The children of Senaah, three thousand and six hundred and thirty."
Aspect4, Ezra 2:39 "The children of Harim, a thousand and seventeen."
Aspect4, Ezra 2:41 "The singers: the children of Asaph, an hundred twenty and eight."
Aspect4, Ezra 2:42 "The children of the porters: the children of Shallum, the children of Ater, the children of Talmon, the children of Akkub, the children of Hatita, the children of Shobai, in all an hundred thirty and nine."
Aspect4, Ezra 2:43 "The Nethinims: the children of Ziha, the children of Hasupha, the children of Tabbaoth,"
Aspect4, Ezra 2:44 "The children of Keros, the children of Siaha, the children of Padon,"
Aspect4, Ezra 2:45 "The children of Lebanah, the children of Hagabah, the children of Akkub,"
Aspect4, Ezra 2:46 "The children of Hagab, the children of Shalmai, the children of Hanan,"
Aspect4, Ezra 2:47 "The children of Giddel, the children of Gahar, the children of Reaiah,"
Aspect4, Ezra 2:48 "The children of Rezin, the children of Nekoda, the children of Gazzam,"
Aspect4, Ezra 2:49 "The children of Uzza, the children of Paseah, the children of Besai,"
Aspect4, Ezra 2:50 "The children of Asnah, the children of Mehunim, the children of Nephusim,"
Aspect4, Ezra 2:51 "The children of Bakbuk, the children of Hakupha, the children of Harhur,"
Aspect4, Ezra 2:52 "The children of Bazluth, the children of Mehida, the children of Harsha,"
Aspect4, Ezra 2:53 "The children of Barkos, the children of Sisera, the children of Thamah,"
Aspect4, Ezra 2:54 "The children of Neziah, the children of Hatipha."
Aspect4, Ezra 2:55 "The children of Solomon's servants: the children of Sotai, the children of Sophereth, the children of Peruda,"
Aspect4, Ezra 2:56 "The children of Jaalah, the children of Darkon, the children of Giddel,"
Aspect4, Ezra 2:57 "The children of Shephatiah, the children of Hattil, the children of Pochereth of Zebaim, the children of Ami."
Aspect4, Ezra 2:61 "And of the children of the priests: the children of Habaiah, the children of Koz, the children of Barzillai; which took a wife of the daughters of Barzillai the Gileadite, and was called after their name:"
Aspect4, Ezra 10:44 "All these had taken strange wives: and some of them had wives by whom they had children."
Aspect4, Nehemiah 4:11 "And our adversaries said, They shall not know, neither see, till we come in the midst among them, and slay them, and cause the work to cease."
Aspect4, Nehemiah 7:8 "The children of Parosh, two thousand an hundred seventy and two."
Aspect4, Nehemiah 7:15 "The children of Binnui, six hundred forty and eight."
Aspect4, Nehemiah 7:16 "The children of Bebai, six hundred twenty and eight."
Aspect4, Nehemiah 7:17 "The children of Azgad, two thousand three hundred twenty and two."
Aspect4, Nehemiah 7:21 "The children of Ater of Hezekiah, ninety and eight."
Aspect4, Nehemiah 7:22 "The children of Hashum, three hundred twenty and eight."
Aspect4, Nehemiah 7:35 "The children of Harim, three hundred and twenty."
Aspect4, Nehemiah 7:42 "The children of Harim, a thousand and seventeen."
Aspect4, Nehemiah 7:45 "The porters: the children of Shallum, the children of Ater, the children of Talmon, the children of Akkub, the children of Hatita, the children of Shobai, an hundred thirty and eight."
Aspect4, Nehemiah 7:46 "The Nethinims: the children of Ziha, the children of Hashupha, the children of Tabbaoth,"
Aspect4, Nehemiah 7:47 "The children of Keros, the children of Sia, the children of Padon,"
Aspect4, Nehemiah 7:48 "The children of Lebana, the children of Hagaba, the children of Shalmai,"
Aspect4, Nehemiah 7:49 "The children of Hanan, the children of Giddel, the children of Gahar,"
Aspect4, Nehemiah 7:50 "The children of Reaiah, the children of Rezin, the children of Nekoda,"
Aspect4, Nehemiah 7:51 "The children of Gazzam, the children of Uzza, the children of Phaseah,"
Aspect4, Nehemiah 7:52 "The children of Besai, the children of Meunim, the children of Nephishesim,"
Aspect4, Nehemiah 7:53 "The children of Bakbuk, the children of Hakupha, the children of Harhur,"
Aspect4, Nehemiah 7:54 "The children of Bazlith, the children of Mehida, the children of Harsha,"
Aspect4, Nehemiah 7:55 "The children of Barkos, the children of Sisera, the children of Tamah,"
Aspect4, Nehemiah 7:56 "The children of Neziah, the children of Hatipha."
Aspect4, Nehemiah 7:57 "The children of Solomon's servants: the children of Sotai, the children of Sophereth, the children of Perida,"
Aspect4, Nehemiah 7:58 "The children of Jaala, the children of Darkon, the children of Giddel,"
Aspect4, Nehemiah 7:59 "The children of Shephatiah, the children of Hattil, the children of Pochereth of Zebaim, the children of Amon."
Aspect4, Nehemiah 7:62 "The children of Delaiah, the children of Tobiah, the children of Nekoda, six hundred forty and two."
Aspect4, Nehemiah 7:63 "And of the priests: the children of Habaiah, the children of Koz, the children of Barzillai, which took one of the daughters of Barzillai the Gileadite to wife, and was called after their name."
Aspect4, Esther 2:11 "And Mordecai walked every day before the court of the women's house, to know how Esther did, and what should become of her."
Aspect4, Esther 8:6 "For how can I endure to see the evil that shall come unto my people? or how can I endure to see the destruction of my kindred?"
Aspect4, Job 3:9 "Let the stars of the twilight thereof be dark; let it look for light, but have none; neither let it see the dawning of the day:"
Aspect4, Job 3:20 "Wherefore is light given to him that is in misery, and life unto the bitter in soul;"
Aspect4, Job 5:15 "But he saveth the poor from the sword, from their mouth, and from the hand of the mighty."
Aspect4, Job 7:7 "O remember that my life is wind: mine eye shall no more see good."
Aspect4, Job 7:13 "When I say, My bed shall comfort me, my couch shall ease my complaints;"
Aspect4, Job 10:5 "Are thy days as the days of man? are thy years as man's days,"
Aspect4, Job 10:20 "Are not my days few? cease then, and let me alone, that I may take comfort a little,"
Aspect4, Job 15:13 "That thou turnest thy spirit against God, and lettest such words go out of thy mouth?"
Aspect4, Job 17:15 "And where is now my hope? as for my hope, who shall see it?"
Aspect4, Job 18:12 "His strength shall be hungerbitten, and destruction shall be ready at his side."
Aspect4, Job 19:17 "My breath is strange to my wife, though I intreated for the children's sake of mine own body."
Aspect4, Job 20:9 "The eye also which saw him shall see him no more; neither shall his place any more behold him."
Aspect4, Job 20:10 "His children shall seek to please the poor, and his hands shall restore their goods."
Aspect4, Job 20:17 "He shall not see the rivers, the floods, the brooks of honey and butter."
Aspect4, Job 21:13 "They spend their days in wealth, and in a moment go down to the grave."
Aspect4, Job 21:19 "God layeth up his iniquity for his children: he rewardeth him, and he shall know it."
Aspect4, Job 22:19 "The righteous see it, and are glad: and the innocent laugh them to scorn."
Aspect4, Job 23:8 "Behold, I go forward, but he is not there; and backward, but I cannot perceive him:"
Aspect4, Job 24:1 "Why, seeing times are not hidden from the Almighty, do they that know him not see his days?"
Aspect4, Job 27:6 "My righteousness I hold fast, and will not let it go: my heart shall not reproach me so long as I live."
Aspect4, Job 27:14 "If his children be multiplied, it is for the sword: and his offspring shall not be satisfied with bread."
Aspect4, Job 29:3 "When his candle shined upon my head, and when by his light I walked through darkness;"
Aspect4, Job 29:5 "When the Almighty was yet with me, when my children were about me;"
Aspect4, Job 33:3 "My words shall be of the uprightness of my heart: and my lips shall utter knowledge clearly."
Aspect4, Job 33:28 "He will deliver his soul from going into the pit, and his life shall see the light."
Aspect4, Job 36:3 "I will fetch my knowledge from afar, and will ascribe righteousness to my Maker."
Aspect4, Job 36:6 "He preserveth not the life of the wicked: but giveth right to the poor."
Aspect4, Job 36:25 "Every man may see it; man may behold it afar off."
Aspect4, Job 37:21 "And now men see not the bright light which is in the clouds: but the wind passeth, and cleanseth them."
Aspect4, Job 40:11 "Cast abroad the rage of thy wrath: and behold every one that is proud, and abase him."
Aspect4, Job 41:19 "Out of his mouth go burning lamps, and sparks of fire leap out."
Aspect4, Job 41:21 "His breath kindleth coals, and a flame goeth out of his mouth."
Aspect4, Job 41:34 "He beholdeth all high things: he is a king over all the children of pride."
Aspect4, Psalm 1:5 "Therefore the ungodly shall not stand in the judgment, nor sinners in the congregation of the righteous."
Aspect4, Psalm 9:8 "And he shall judge the world in righteousness, he shall minister judgment to the people in uprightness."
Aspect4, Psalm 14:2 "The LORD looked down from heaven upon the children of men, to see if there were any that did understand, and seek God."
Aspect4, Psalm 15:2 "He that walketh uprightly, and worketh righteousness, and speaketh the truth in his heart."
Aspect4, Psalm 26:9 "Gather not my soul with sinners, nor my life with bloody men:"
Aspect4, Psalm 38:11 "My lovers and my friends stand aloof from my sore; and my kinsmen stand afar off."
Aspect4, Psalm 40:10 "I have not hid thy righteousness within my heart; I have declared thy faithfulness and thy salvation: I have not concealed thy lovingkindness and thy truth from the great congregation."
Aspect4, Psalm 41:6 "And if he come to see me, he speaketh vanity: his heart gathereth iniquity to itself; when he goeth abroad, he telleth it."
Aspect4, Psalm 43:1 "Judge me, O God, and plead my cause against an ungodly nation: O deliver me from the deceitful and unjust man."
Aspect4, Psalm 44:6 "For I will not trust in my bow, neither shall my sword save me."
Aspect4, Psalm 45:9 "Kings' daughters were among thy honourable women: upon thy right hand did stand the queen in gold of Ophir."
Aspect4, Psalm 49:19 "He shall go to the generation of his fathers; they shall never see light."
Aspect4, Psalm 50:6 "And the heavens shall declare his righteousness: for God is judge himself. Selah."
Aspect4, Psalm 53:2 "God looked down from heaven upon the children of men, to see if there were any that did understand, that did seek God."
Aspect4, Psalm 54:1 "Save me, O God, by thy name, and judge me by thy strength."
Aspect4, Psalm 55:8 "I would hasten my escape from the windy storm and tempest."
Aspect4, Psalm 55:21 "The words of his mouth were smoother than butter, but war was in his heart: his words were softer than oil, yet were they drawn swords."
Aspect4, Psalm 58:8 "As a snail which melteth, let every one of them pass away: like the untimely birth of a woman, that they may not see the sun."
Aspect4, Psalm 63:10 "They shall fall by the sword: they shall be a portion for foxes."
Aspect4, Psalm 64:8 "So they shall make their own tongue to fall upon themselves: all that see them shall flee away."
Aspect4, Psalm 69:22 "Let their table become a snare before them: and that which should have been for their welfare, let it become a trap."
Aspect4, Psalm 69:32 "The humble shall see this, and be glad: and your heart shall live that seek God."
Aspect4, Psalm 72:4 "He shall judge the poor of the people, he shall save the children of the needy, and shall break in pieces the oppressor."
Aspect4, Psalm 73:8 "They are corrupt, and speak wickedly concerning oppression: they speak loftily."
Aspect4, Psalm 78:37 "For their heart was not right with him, neither were they stedfast in his covenant."
Aspect4, Psalm 83:10 "Which perished at Endor: they became as dung for the earth."
Aspect4, Psalm 84:7 "They go from strength to strength, every one of them in Zion appeareth before God."
Aspect4, Psalm 85:13 "Righteousness shall go before him; and shall set us in the way of his steps."
Aspect4, Psalm 87:1 "His foundation is in the holy mountains."
Aspect4, Psalm 89:48 "What man is he that liveth, and shall not see death? shall he deliver his soul from the hand of the grave? Selah."
Aspect4, Psalm 95:8 "Harden not your heart, as in the provocation, and as in the day of temptation in the wilderness:"
Aspect4, Psalm 97:6 "The heavens declare his righteousness, and all the people see his glory."
Aspect4, Psalm 97:11 "Light is sown for the righteous, and gladness for the upright in heart."
Aspect4, Psalm 101:2 "I will behave myself wisely in a perfect way. O when wilt thou come unto me? I will walk within my house with a perfect heart."
Aspect4, Psalm 101:4 "A froward heart shall depart from me: I will not know a wicked person."
Aspect4, Psalm 103:17 "But the mercy of the LORD is from everlasting to everlasting upon them that fear him, and his righteousness unto children's children;"
Aspect4, Psalm 105:39 "He spread a cloud for a covering; and fire to give light in the night."
Aspect4, Psalm 107:33 "He turneth rivers into a wilderness, and the watersprings into dry ground;"
Aspect4, Psalm 107:42 "The righteous shall see it, and rejoice: and all iniquity shall stop her mouth."
Aspect4, Psalm 108:6 "That thy beloved may be delivered: save with thy right hand, and answer me."
Aspect4, Psalm 109:9 "Let his children be fatherless, and his wife a widow."
Aspect4, Psalm 109:10 "Let his children be continually vagabonds, and beg: let them seek their bread also out of their desolate places."
Aspect4, Psalm 109:22 "For I am poor and needy, and my heart is wounded within me."
Aspect4, Psalm 109:31 "For he shall stand at the right hand of the poor, to save him from those that condemn his soul."
Aspect4, Psalm 112:8 "His heart is established, he shall not be afraid, until he see his desire upon his enemies."
Aspect4, Psalm 119:2 "Blessed are they that keep his testimonies, and that seek him with the whole heart."
Aspect4, Psalm 119:128 "Therefore I esteem all thy precepts concerning all things to be right; and I hate every false way."
Aspect4, Psalm 119:142 "Thy righteousness is an everlasting righteousness, and thy law is the truth."
Aspect4, Psalm 119:173 "Let thine hand help me; for I have chosen thy precepts."
Aspect4, Psalm 127:4 "As arrows are in the hand of a mighty man; so are children of the youth."
Aspect4, Psalm 128:3 "Thy wife shall be as a fruitful vine by the sides of thine house: thy children like olive plants round about thy table."
Aspect4, Psalm 132:9 "Let thy priests be clothed with righteousness; and let thy saints shout for joy."
Aspect4, Psalm 139:7 "Whither shall I go from thy spirit? or whither shall I flee from thy presence?"
Aspect4, Psalm 139:24 "And see if there be any wicked way in me, and lead me in the way everlasting."
Aspect4, Psalm 141:5 "Let the righteous smite me; it shall be a kindness: and let him reprove me; it shall be an excellent oil, which shall not break my head: for yet my prayer also shall be in their calamities."
Aspect4, Psalm 141:10 "Let the wicked fall into their own nets, whilst that I withal escape."
Aspect4, Psalm 143:4 "Therefore is my spirit overwhelmed within me; my heart within me is desolate."
Aspect4, Psalm 144:7 "Send thine hand from above; rid me, and deliver me out of great waters, from the hand of strange children;"
Aspect4, Psalm 148:12 "Both young men, and maidens; old men, and children:"
Aspect4, Proverbs 1:13 "We shall find all precious substance, we shall fill our houses with spoil:"
Aspect4, Proverbs 2:19 "None that go unto her return again, neither take they hold of the paths of life."
Aspect4, Proverbs 4:23 "Keep thy heart with all diligence; for out of it are the issues of life."
Aspect4, Proverbs 5:16 "Let thy fountains be dispersed abroad, and rivers of waters in the streets."
Aspect4, Proverbs 6:12 "A naughty person, a wicked man, walketh with a froward mouth."
Aspect4, Proverbs 6:21 "Bind them continually upon thine heart, and tie them about thy neck."
Aspect4, Proverbs 6:26 "For by means of a whorish woman a man is brought to a piece of bread: and the adultress will hunt for the precious life."
Aspect4, Proverbs 8:8 "All the words of my mouth are in righteousness; there is nothing froward or perverse in them."
Aspect4, Proverbs 8:20 "I lead in the way of righteousness, in the midst of the paths of judgment:"
Aspect4, Proverbs 9:11 "For by me thy days shall be multiplied, and the years of thy life shall be increased."
Aspect4, Proverbs 9:15 "To call passengers who go right on their ways:"
Aspect4, Proverbs 11:5 "The righteousness of the perfect shall direct his way: but the wicked shall fall by his own wickedness."
Aspect4, Proverbs 12:17 "He that speaketh truth sheweth forth righteousness: but a false witness deceit."
Aspect4, Proverbs 13:12 "Hope deferred maketh the heart sick: but when the desire cometh, it is a tree of life."
Aspect4, Proverbs 13:22 "A good man leaveth an inheritance to his children's children: and the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the just."
Aspect4, Proverbs 16:8 "Better is a little with righteousness than great revenues without right."
Aspect4, Proverbs 16:18 "Pride goeth before destruction, and an haughty spirit before a fall."
Aspect4, Proverbs 16:21 "The wise in heart shall be called prudent: and the sweetness of the lips increaseth learning."
Aspect4, Proverbs 16:23 "The heart of the wise teacheth his mouth, and addeth learning to his lips."
Aspect4, Proverbs 17:6 "Children's children are the crown of old men; and the glory of children are their fathers."
Aspect4, Proverbs 18:15 "The heart of the prudent getteth knowledge; and the ear of the wise seeketh knowledge."
Aspect4, Proverbs 19:7 "All the brethren of the poor do hate him: how much more do his friends go far from him? he pursueth them with words, yet they are wanting to him."
Aspect4, Proverbs 21:21 "He that followeth after righteousness and mercy findeth life, righteousness, and honour."
Aspect4, Proverbs 26:20 "Where no wood is, there the fire goeth out: so where there is no talebearer, the strife ceaseth."
Aspect4, Proverbs 26:27 "Whoso diggeth a pit shall fall therein: and he that rolleth a stone, it will return upon him."
Aspect4, Proverbs 27:10 "Thine own friend, and thy father's friend, forsake not; neither go into thy brother's house in the day of thy calamity: for better is a neighbour that is near than a brother far off."
Aspect4, Proverbs 27:25 "The hay appeareth, and the tender grass sheweth itself, and herbs of the mountains are gathered."
Aspect4, Proverbs 28:14 "Happy is the man that feareth alway: but he that hardeneth his heart shall fall into mischief."
Aspect4, Proverbs 28:18 "Whoso walketh uprightly shall be saved: but he that is perverse in his ways shall fall at once."
Aspect4, Proverbs 28:26 "He that trusteth in his own heart is a fool: but whoso walketh wisely, he shall be delivered."
Aspect4, Proverbs 29:16 "When the wicked are multiplied, transgression increaseth: but the righteous shall see their fall."
Aspect4, Proverbs 29:21 "He that delicately bringeth up his servant from a child shall have him become his son at the length."
Aspect4, Ecclesiastes 3:21 "Who knoweth the spirit of man that goeth upward, and the spirit of the beast that goeth downward to the earth?"
Aspect4, Ecclesiastes 5:20 "For he shall not much remember the days of his life; because God answereth him in the joy of his heart."
Aspect4, Ecclesiastes 10:2 "A wise man's heart is at his right hand; but a fool's heart at his left."
Aspect4, Song of Solomon 2:5 "Stay me with flagons, comfort me with apples: for I am sick of love."
Aspect4, Song of Solomon 3:8 "They all hold swords, being expert in war: every man hath his sword upon his thigh because of fear in the night."
Aspect4, Song of Solomon 6:11 "I went down into the garden of nuts to see the fruits of the valley, and to see whether the vine flourished and the pomegranates budded."
Aspect4, Isaiah 3:4 "And I will give children to be their princes, and babes shall rule over them."
Aspect4, Isaiah 3:25 "Thy men shall fall by the sword, and thy mighty in the war."
Aspect4, Isaiah 7:8 "For the head of Syria is Damascus, and the head of Damascus is Rezin; and within threescore and five years shall Ephraim be broken, that it be not a people."
Aspect4, Isaiah 10:7 "Howbeit he meaneth not so, neither doth his heart think so; but it is in his heart to destroy and cut off nations not a few."
Aspect4, Isaiah 13:7 "Therefore shall all hands be faint, and every man's heart shall melt:"
Aspect4, Isaiah 27:4 "Fury is not in me: who would set the briers and thorns against me in battle? I would go through them, I would burn them together."
Aspect4, Isaiah 31:8 "Then shall the Assyrian fall with the sword, not of a mighty man; and the sword, not of a mean man, shall devour him: but he shall flee from the sword, and his young men shall be discomfited."
Aspect4, Isaiah 32:16 "Then judgment shall dwell in the wilderness, and righteousness remain in the fruitful field."
Aspect4, Isaiah 33:18 "Thine heart shall meditate terror. Where is the scribe? where is the receiver? where is he that counted the towers?"
Aspect4, Isaiah 47:8 "Therefore hear now this, thou that art given to pleasures, that dwellest carelessly, that sayest in thine heart, I am, and none else beside me; I shall not sit as a widow, neither shall I know the loss of children:"
Aspect4, Isaiah 53:2 "For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant, and as a root out of a dry ground: he hath no form nor comeliness; and when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him."
Aspect4, Isaiah 53:11 "He shall see of the travail of his soul, and shall be satisfied: by his knowledge shall my righteous servant justify many; for he shall bear their iniquities."
Aspect4, Isaiah 57:5 "Enflaming yourselves with idols under every green tree, slaying the children in the valleys under the clifts of the rocks?"
Aspect4, Isaiah 66:14 "And when ye see this, your heart shall rejoice, and your bones shall flourish like an herb: and the hand of the LORD shall be known toward his servants, and his indignation toward his enemies."
Aspect4, Jeremiah 2:9 "Wherefore I will yet plead with you, saith the LORD, and with your children's children will I plead."
Aspect4, Jeremiah 2:10 "For pass over the isles of Chittim, and see; and send unto Kedar, and consider diligently, and see if there be such a thing."
Aspect4, Jeremiah 2:16 "Also the children of Noph and Tahapanes have broken the crown of thy head."
Aspect4, Jeremiah 5:12 "They have belied the LORD, and said, It is not he; neither shall evil come upon us; neither shall we see sword nor famine:"
Aspect4, Jeremiah 6:15 "Were they ashamed when they had committed abomination? nay, they were not at all ashamed, neither could they blush: therefore they shall fall among them that fall: at the time that I visit them they shall be cast down, saith the LORD."
Aspect4, Jeremiah 8:12 "Were they ashamed when they had committed abomination? nay, they were not at all ashamed, neither could they blush: therefore shall they fall among them that fall: in the time of their visitation they shall be cast down, saith the LORD."
Aspect4, Jeremiah 8:18 "When I would comfort myself against sorrow, my heart is faint in me."
Aspect4, Jeremiah 12:15 "And it shall come to pass, after that I have plucked them out I will return, and have compassion on them, and will bring them again, every man to his heritage, and every man to his land."
Aspect4, Jeremiah 15:12 "Shall iron break the northern iron and the steel?"
Aspect4, Jeremiah 18:21 "Therefore deliver up their children to the famine, and pour out their blood by the force of the sword; and let their wives be bereaved of their children, and be widows; and let their men be put to death; let their young men be slain by the sword in battle."
Aspect4, Jeremiah 22:12 "But he shall die in the place whither they have led him captive, and shall see this land no more."
Aspect4, Jeremiah 46:6 "Let not the swift flee away, nor the mighty man escape; they shall stumble, and fall toward the north by the river Euphrates."
Aspect4, Jeremiah 48:37 "For every head shall be bald, and every beard clipped: upon all the hands shall be cuttings, and upon the loins sackcloth."
Aspect4, Jeremiah 50:37 "A sword is upon their horses, and upon their chariots, and upon all the mingled people that are in the midst of her; and they shall become as women: a sword is upon her treasures; and they shall be robbed."
Aspect4, Lamentations 1:11 "All her people sigh, they seek bread; they have given their pleasant things for meat to relieve the soul: see, O LORD, and consider; for I am become vile."
Aspect4, Lamentations 2:19 "Arise, cry out in the night: in the beginning of the watches pour out thine heart like water before the face of the LORD: lift up thy hands toward him for the life of thy young children, that faint for hunger in the top of every street."
Aspect4, Lamentations 4:4 "The tongue of the sucking child cleaveth to the roof of his mouth for thirst: the young children ask bread, and no man breaketh it unto them."
Aspect4, Ezekiel 7:16 "But they that escape of them shall escape, and shall be on the mountains like doves of the valleys, all of them mourning, every one for his iniquity."
Aspect4, Ezekiel 9:10 "And as for me also, mine eye shall not spare, neither will I have pity, but I will recompense their way upon their head."
Aspect4, Ezekiel 14:23 "And they shall comfort you, when ye see their ways and their doings: and ye shall know that I have not done without cause all that I have done in it, saith the Lord GOD."
Aspect4, Ezekiel 17:18 "Seeing he despised the oath by breaking the covenant, when, lo, he had given his hand, and hath done all these things, he shall not escape."
Aspect4, Ezekiel 19:8 "Then the nations set against him on every side from the provinces, and spread their net over him: he was taken in their pit."
Aspect4, Ezekiel 30:17 "The young men of Aven and of Pibeseth shall fall by the sword: and these cities shall go into captivity."
Aspect4, Ezekiel 35:8 "And I will fill his mountains with his slain men: in thy hills, and in thy valleys, and in all thy rivers, shall they fall that are slain with the sword."
Aspect4, Ezekiel 37:17 "And join them one to another into one stick; and they shall become one in thine hand."
Aspect4, Ezekiel 40:12 "The space also before the little chambers was one cubit on this side, and the space was one cubit on that side: and the little chambers were six cubits on this side, and six cubits on that side."
Aspect4, Ezekiel 41:5 "After he measured the wall of the house, six cubits; and the breadth of every side chamber, four cubits, round about the house on every side."
Aspect4, Ezekiel 41:9 "The thickness of the wall, which was for the side chamber without, was five cubits: and that which was left was the place of the side chambers that were within."
Aspect4, Ezekiel 41:10 "And between the chambers was the wideness of twenty cubits round about the house on every side."
Aspect4, Ezekiel 42:9 "And from under these chambers was the entry on the east side, as one goeth into them from the utter court."
Aspect4, Ezekiel 42:18 "He measured the south side, five hundred reeds, with the measuring reed."
Aspect4, Ezekiel 46:10 "And the prince in the midst of them, when they go in, shall go in; and when they go forth, shall go forth."
Aspect4, Ezekiel 48:8 "And by the border of Judah, from the east side unto the west side, shall be the offering which ye shall offer of five and twenty thousand reeds in breadth, and in length as one of the other parts, from the east side unto the west side: and the sanctuary shall be in the midst of it."
Aspect4, Ezekiel 48:23 "As for the rest of the tribes, from the east side unto the west side, Benjamin shall have a portion."
Aspect4, Daniel 5:20 "But when his heart was lifted up, and his mind hardened in pride, he was deposed from his kingly throne, and they took his glory from him:"
Aspect4, Daniel 8:4 "I saw the ram pushing westward, and northward, and southward; so that no beasts might stand before him, neither was there any that could deliver out of his hand; but he did according to his will, and became great."
Aspect4, Daniel 8:7 "And I saw him come close unto the ram, and he was moved with choler against him, and smote the ram, and brake his two horns: and there was no power in the ram to stand before him, but he cast him down to the ground, and stamped upon him: and there was none that could deliver the ram out of his hand."
Aspect4, Daniel 10:15 "And when he had spoken such words unto me, I set my face toward the ground, and I became dumb."
Aspect4, Daniel 11:16 "But he that cometh against him shall do according to his own will, and none shall stand before him: and he shall stand in the glorious land, which by his hand shall be consumed."
Aspect4, Hosea 1:11 "Then shall the children of Judah and the children of Israel be gathered together, and appoint themselves one head, and they shall come up out of the land: for great shall be the day of Jezreel."
Aspect4, Hosea 2:4 "And I will not have mercy upon her children; for they be the children of whoredoms."
Aspect4, Joel 2:8 "Neither shall one thrust another; they shall walk every one in his path: and when they fall upon the sword, they shall not be wounded."
Aspect4, Amos 2:15 "Neither shall he stand that handleth the bow; and he that is swift of foot shall not deliver himself: neither shall he that rideth the horse deliver himself."
Aspect4, Amos 6:7 "Therefore now shall they go captive with the first that go captive, and the banquet of them that stretched themselves shall be removed."
Aspect4, Amos 8:13 "In that day shall the fair virgins and young men faint for thirst."
Aspect4, Micah 7:16 "The nations shall see and be confounded at all their might: they shall lay their hand upon their mouth, their ears shall be deaf."
Aspect4, Zechariah 3:5 "And I said, Let them set a fair mitre upon his head. So they set a fair mitre upon his head, and clothed him with garments. And the angel of the LORD stood by."
Aspect4, Zechariah 4:3 "And two olive trees by it, one upon the right side of the bowl, and the other upon the left side thereof."
Aspect4, Zechariah 9:5 "Ashkelon shall see it, and fear; Gaza also shall see it, and be very sorrowful, and Ekron; for her expectation shall be ashamed; and the king shall perish from Gaza, and Ashkelon shall not be inhabited."
Aspect4, Zechariah 10:7 "And they of Ephraim shall be like a mighty man, and their heart shall rejoice as through wine: yea, their children shall see it, and be glad; their heart shall rejoice in the LORD."
Aspect4, Malachi 4:6 "And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children, and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse."
Aspect4, Matthew 5:8 "Blessed are the pure in heart: for they shall see God."
Aspect4, Matthew 5:9 "Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the children of God."
Aspect4, Matthew 5:12 "Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you."
Aspect4, Matthew 9:31 "But they, when they were departed, spread abroad his fame in all that country."
Aspect4, Matthew 10:40 "He that receiveth you receiveth me, and he that receiveth me receiveth him that sent me."
Aspect4, Matthew 11:7 "And as they departed, Jesus began to say unto the multitudes concerning John, What went ye out into the wilderness to see? A reed shaken with the wind?"
Aspect4, Matthew 11:8 "But what went ye out for to see? A man clothed in soft raiment? behold, they that wear soft clothing are in kings' houses."
Aspect4, Matthew 12:27 "And if I by Beelzebub cast out devils, by whom do your children cast them out? therefore they shall be your judges."
Aspect4, Matthew 13:13 "Therefore speak I to them in parables: because they seeing see not; and hearing they hear not, neither do they understand."
Aspect4, Matthew 14:21 "And they that had eaten were about five thousand men, beside women and children."
Aspect4, Matthew 15:14 "Let them alone: they be blind leaders of the blind. And if the blind lead the blind, both shall fall into the ditch."
Aspect4, Matthew 16:25 "For whosoever will save his life shall lose it: and whosoever will lose his life for my sake shall find it."
Aspect4, Matthew 24:29 "Immediately after the tribulation of those days shall the sun be darkened, and the moon shall not give her light, and the stars shall fall from heaven, and the powers of the heavens shall be shaken:"
Aspect4, Matthew 25:46 "And these shall go away into everlasting punishment: but the righteous into life eternal."
Aspect4, Matthew 28:10 "Then said Jesus unto them, Be not afraid: go tell my brethren that they go into Galilee, and there shall they see me."
Aspect4, Mark 5:6 "But when he saw Jesus afar off, he ran and worshipped him,"
Aspect4, Mark 5:15 "And they come to Jesus, and see him that was possessed with the devil, and had the legion, sitting, and clothed, and in his right mind: and they were afraid."
Aspect4, Mark 6:38 "He saith unto them, How many loaves have ye? go and see. And when they knew, they say, Five, and two fishes."
Aspect4, Mark 8:35 "For whosoever will save his life shall lose it; but whosoever shall lose his life for my sake and the gospel's, the same shall save it."
Aspect4, Mark 12:21 "And the second took her, and died, neither left he any seed: and the third likewise."
Aspect4, Mark 13:17 "But woe to them that are with child, and to them that give suck in those days!"
Aspect4, Mark 14:42 "Rise up, let us go; lo, he that betrayeth me is at hand."
Aspect4, Mark 16:7 "But go your way, tell his disciples and Peter that he goeth before you into Galilee: there shall ye see him, as he said unto you."
Aspect4, Luke 1:75 "In holiness and righteousness before him, all the days of our life."
Aspect4, Luke 7:10 "And they that were sent, returning to the house, found the servant whole that had been sick."
Aspect4, Luke 8:16 "No man, when he hath lighted a candle, covereth it with a vessel, or putteth it under a bed; but setteth it on a candlestick, that they which enter in may see the light."
Aspect4, Luke 8:35 "Then they went out to see what was done; and came to Jesus, and found the man, out of whom the devils were departed, sitting at the feet of Jesus, clothed, and in his right mind: and they were afraid."
Aspect4, Luke 9:24 "For whosoever will save his life shall lose it: but whosoever will lose his life for my sake, the same shall save it."
Aspect4, Luke 9:47 "And Jesus, perceiving the thought of their heart, took a child, and set him by him,"
Aspect4, Luke 16:8 "And the lord commended the unjust steward, because he had done wisely: for the children of this world are in their generation wiser than the children of light."
Aspect4, Luke 17:23 "And they shall say to you, See here; or, see there: go not after them, nor follow them."
Aspect4, Luke 19:3 "And he sought to see Jesus who he was; and could not for the press, because he was little of stature."
Aspect4, Luke 20:36 "Neither can they die any more: for they are equal unto the angels; and are the children of God, being the children of the resurrection."
Aspect4, John 1:4 "In him was life; and the life was the light of men."
Aspect4, John 1:24 "And they which were sent were of the Pharisees."
Aspect4, John 6:48 "I am that bread of life."
Aspect4, John 7:5 "For neither did his brethren believe in him."
Aspect4, John 7:24 "Judge not according to the appearance, but judge righteous judgment."
Aspect4, John 8:16 "And yet if I judge, my judgment is true: for I am not alone, but I and the Father that sent me."
Aspect4, John 9:18 "But the Jews did not believe concerning him, that he had been blind, and received his sight, until they called the parents of him that had received his sight."
Aspect4, John 9:39 "And Jesus said, For judgment I am come into this world, that they which see not might see; and that they which see might be made blind."
Aspect4, John 11:7 "Then after that saith he to his disciples, Let us go into Judaea again."
Aspect4, John 12:25 "He that loveth his life shall lose it; and he that hateth his life in this world shall keep it unto life eternal."
Aspect4, John 12:47 "And if any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world."
Aspect4, John 16:10 "Of righteousness, because I go to my Father, and ye see me no more;"
Aspect4, John 19:18 "Where they crucified him, and two other with him, on either side one, and Jesus in the midst."
Aspect4, Acts 1:15 "And in those days Peter stood up in the midst of the disciples, and said, (the number of names together were about an hundred and twenty,)"
Aspect4, Acts 5:20 "Go, stand and speak in the temple to the people all the words of this life."
Aspect4, Acts 17:14 "And then immediately the brethren sent away Paul to go as it were to the sea: but Silas and Timotheus abode there still."
Aspect4, Acts 20:17 "And from Miletus he sent to Ephesus, and called the elders of the church."
Aspect4, Acts 22:11 "And when I could not see for the glory of that light, being led by the hand of them that were with me, I came into Damascus."
Aspect4, Acts 24:13 "Neither can they prove the things whereof they now accuse me."
Aspect4, Romans 1:21 "Because that, when they knew God, they glorified him not as God, neither were thankful; but became vain in their imaginations, and their foolish heart was darkened."
Aspect4, Romans 1:22 "Professing themselves to be wise, they became fools,"
Aspect4, Romans 4:22 "And therefore it was imputed to him for righteousness."
Aspect4, Romans 5:5 "And hope maketh not ashamed; because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us."
Aspect4, Romans 5:8 "But God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us."
Aspect4, Romans 6:18 "Being then made free from sin, ye became the servants of righteousness."
Aspect4, Romans 8:16 "The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit, that we are the children of God:"
Aspect4, Romans 8:21 "Because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God."
Aspect4, Romans 9:7 "Neither, because they are the seed of Abraham, are they all children: but, In Isaac shall thy seed be called."
Aspect4, Romans 9:11 "(For the children being not yet born, neither having done any good or evil, that the purpose of God according to election might stand, not of works, but of him that calleth;)"
Aspect4, Romans 14:13 "Let us not therefore judge one another any more: but judge this rather, that no man put a stumblingblock or an occasion to fall in his brother's way."
Aspect4, Romans 15:21 "But as it is written, To whom he was not spoken of, they shall see: and they that have not heard shall understand."
Aspect4, 1 Corinthians 3:8 "Now he that planteth and he that watereth are one: and every man shall receive his own reward according to his own labour."
Aspect4, 1 Corinthians 3:13 "Every man's work shall be made manifest: for the day shall declare it, because it shall be revealed by fire; and the fire shall try every man's work of what sort it is."
Aspect4, 1 Corinthians 5:12 "For what have I to do to judge them also that are without? do not ye judge them that are within?"
Aspect4, 1 Corinthians 9:22 "To the weak became I as weak, that I might gain the weak: I am made all things to all men, that I might by all means save some."
Aspect4, 1 Corinthians 10:16 "The cup of blessing which we bless, is it not the communion of the blood of Christ? The bread which we break, is it not the communion of the body of Christ?"
Aspect4, 1 Corinthians 12:1 "Now concerning spiritual gifts, brethren, I would not have you ignorant."
Aspect4, 1 Corinthians 14:29 "Let the prophets speak two or three, and let the other judge."
Aspect4, 1 Corinthians 15:30 "And why stand we in jeopardy every hour?"
Aspect4, 2 Corinthians 1:4 "Who comforteth us in all our tribulation, that we may be able to comfort them which are in any trouble, by the comfort wherewith we ourselves are comforted of God."
Aspect4, 2 Corinthians 5:4 "For we that are in this tabernacle do groan, being burdened: not for that we would be unclothed, but clothed upon, that mortality might be swallowed up of life."
Aspect4, 2 Corinthians 7:5 "For, when we were come into Macedonia, our flesh had no rest, but we were troubled on every side; without were fightings, within were fears."
Aspect4, 2 Corinthians 9:7 "Every man according as he purposeth in his heart, so let him give; not grudgingly, or of necessity: for God loveth a cheerful giver."
Aspect4, Galatians 4:19 "My little children, of whom I travail in birth again until Christ be formed in you,"
Aspect4, Galatians 4:28 "Now we, brethren, as Isaac was, are the children of promise."
Aspect4, Galatians 4:31 "So then, brethren, we are not children of the bondwoman, but of the free."
Aspect4, Ephesians 5:6 "Let no man deceive you with vain words: for because of these things cometh the wrath of God upon the children of disobedience."
Aspect4, Ephesians 5:32 "This is a great mystery: but I speak concerning Christ and the church."
Aspect4, Ephesians 6:14 "Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness;"
Aspect4, Philippians 1:27 "Only let your conversation be as it becometh the gospel of Christ: that whether I come and see you, or else be absent, I may hear of your affairs, that ye stand fast in one spirit, with one mind striving together for the faith of the gospel;"
Aspect4, Philippians 2:23 "Him therefore I hope to send presently, so soon as I shall see how it will go with me."
Aspect4, Philippians 3:6 "Concerning zeal, persecuting the church; touching the righteousness which is in the law, blameless."
Aspect4, Colossians 3:6 "For which things' sake the wrath of God cometh on the children of disobedience:"
Aspect4, Colossians 4:8 "Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose, that he might know your estate, and comfort your hearts;"
Aspect4, 1 Thessalonians 2:17 "But we, brethren, being taken from you for a short time in presence, not in heart, endeavoured the more abundantly to see your face with great desire."
Aspect4, 1 Thessalonians 3:10 "Night and day praying exceedingly that we might see your face, and might perfect that which is lacking in your faith?"
Aspect4, 1 Thessalonians 4:4 "That every one of you should know how to possess his vessel in sanctification and honour;"
Aspect4, 1 Thessalonians 4:18 "Wherefore comfort one another with these words."
Aspect4, 1 Thessalonians 5:5 "Ye are all the children of light, and the children of the day: we are not of the night, nor of darkness."
Aspect4, 2 Timothy 4:12 "And Tychicus have I sent to Ephesus."
Aspect4, Titus 2:4 "That they may teach the young women to be sober, to love their husbands, to love their children,"
Aspect4, Hebrews 3:11 "So I sware in my wrath, They shall not enter into my rest.)"
Aspect4, Hebrews 3:19 "So we see that they could not enter in because of unbelief."
Aspect4, Hebrews 5:9 "And being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him;"
Aspect4, Hebrews 7:26 "For such an high priest became us, who is holy, harmless, undefiled, separate from sinners, and made higher than the heavens;"
Aspect4, Hebrews 8:11 "And they shall not teach every man his neighbour, and every man his brother, saying, Know the Lord: for all shall know me, from the least to the greatest."
Aspect4, James 1:17 "Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above, and cometh down from the Father of lights, with whom is no variableness, neither shadow of turning."
Aspect4, James 1:20 "For the wrath of man worketh not the righteousness of God."
Aspect4, 1 Peter 4:5 "Who shall give account to him that is ready to judge the quick and the dead."
Aspect4, 1 John 2:15 "Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him."
Aspect4, 1 John 3:10 "In this the children of God are manifest, and the children of the devil: whosoever doeth not righteousness is not of God, neither he that loveth not his brother."
Aspect4, Revelation 1:16 "And he had in his right hand seven stars: and out of his mouth went a sharp twoedged sword: and his countenance was as the sun shineth in his strength."
Aspect4, Revelation 2:23 "And I will kill her children with death; and all the churches shall know that I am he which searcheth the reins and hearts: and I will give unto every one of you according to your works."
Aspect4, Revelation 6:3 "And when he had opened the second seal, I heard the second beast say, Come and see."
Aspect4, Revelation 7:16 "They shall hunger no more, neither thirst any more; neither shall the sun light on them, nor any heat."
Aspect4, Revelation 8:8 "And the second angel sounded, and as it were a great mountain burning with fire was cast into the sea: and the third part of the sea became blood;"
Aspect4, Revelation 16:3 "And the second angel poured out his vial upon the sea; and it became as the blood of a dead man: and every living soul died in the sea."
Aspect4, Revelation 16:4 "And the third angel poured out his vial upon the rivers and fountains of waters; and they became blood."
Aspect4, Revelation 16:8 "And the fourth angel poured out his vial upon the sun; and power was given unto him to scorch men with fire."
Aspect4, Revelation 21:12 "And had a wall great and high, and had twelve gates, and at the gates twelve angels, and names written thereon, which are the names of the twelve tribes of the children of Israel:"
Aspect4, Revelation 22:12 "And, behold, I come quickly; and my reward is with me, to give every man according as his work shall be."
