Aspect5, Genesis 5:4 "And the days of Adam after he had begotten Seth were eight hundred years: and he begat sons and daughters:"
Aspect5, Genesis 7:3 "Of fowls also of the air by sevens, the male and the female; to keep seed alive upon the face of all the earth."
Aspect5, Genesis 7:22 "All in whose nostrils was the breath of life, of all that was in the dry land, died."
Aspect5, Genesis 8:5 "And the waters decreased continually until the tenth month: in the tenth month, on the first day of the month, were the tops of the mountains seen."
Aspect5, Genesis 8:22 "While the earth remaineth, seedtime and harvest, and cold and heat, and summer and winter, and day and night shall not cease."
Aspect5, Genesis 10:1 "Now these are the generations of the sons of Noah, Shem, Ham, and Japheth: and unto them were sons born after the flood."
Aspect5, Genesis 11:10 "These are the generations of Shem: Shem was an hundred years old, and begat Arphaxad two years after the flood:"
Aspect5, Genesis 14:15 "And he divided himself against them, he and his servants, by night, and smote them, and pursued them unto Hobah, which is on the left hand of Damascus."
Aspect5, Genesis 17:11 "And ye shall circumcise the flesh of your foreskin; and it shall be a token of the covenant betwixt me and you."
Aspect5, Genesis 18:14 "Is any thing too hard for the LORD? At the time appointed I will return unto thee, according to the time of life, and Sarah shall have a son."
Aspect5, Genesis 19:1 "And there came two angels to Sodom at even; and Lot sat in the gate of Sodom: and Lot seeing them rose up to meet them; and he bowed himself with his face toward the ground;"
Aspect5, Genesis 19:10 "But the men put forth their hand, and pulled Lot into the house to them, and shut to the door."
Aspect5, Genesis 19:15 "And when the morning arose, then the angels hastened Lot, saying, Arise, take thy wife, and thy two daughters, which are here; lest thou be consumed in the iniquity of the city."
Aspect5, Genesis 19:16 "And while he lingered, the men laid hold upon his hand, and upon the hand of his wife, and upon the hand of his two daughters; the LORD being merciful unto him: and they brought him forth, and set him without the city."
Aspect5, Genesis 19:35 "And they made their father drink wine that night also: and the younger arose, and lay with him; and he perceived not when she lay down, nor when she arose."
Aspect5, Genesis 21:18 "Arise, lift up the lad, and hold him in thine hand; for I will make him a great nation."
Aspect5, Genesis 24:22 "And it came to pass, as the camels had done drinking, that the man took a golden earring of half a shekel weight, and two bracelets for her hands of ten shekels weight of gold;"
Aspect5, Genesis 25:20 "And Isaac was forty years old when he took Rebekah to wife, the daughter of Bethuel the Syrian of Padanaram, the sister to Laban the Syrian."
Aspect5, Genesis 27:17 "And she gave the savory meat and the bread, which she had prepared, into the hand of her son Jacob."
Aspect5, Genesis 27:19 "And Jacob said unto his father, I am Esau thy first born; I have done according as thou badest me: arise, I pray thee, sit and eat of my venison, that thy soul may bless me."
Aspect5, Genesis 27:46 "And Rebekah said to Isaac, I am weary of my life because of the daughters of Heth: if Jacob take a wife of the daughters of Heth, such as these which are of the daughters of the land, what good shall my life do me?"
Aspect5, Genesis 29:11 "And Jacob kissed Rachel, and lifted up his voice, and wept."
Aspect5, Genesis 30:37 "And Jacob took him rods of green poplar, and of the hazel and chestnut tree; and pilled white streaks in them, and made the white appear which was in the rods."
Aspect5, Genesis 31:10 "And it came to pass at the time that the cattle conceived, that I lifted up mine eyes, and saw in a dream, and, behold, the rams which leaped upon the cattle were ring-streaked, speckled, and grizzled."
Aspect5, Genesis 31:12 "And he said, Lift up now thine eyes, and see, all the rams which leap upon the cattle are ring-streaked, speckled, and grizzled: for I have seen all that Laban doeth unto thee."
Aspect5, Genesis 31:20 "And Jacob stole away unawares to Laban the Syrian, in that he told him not that he fled."
Aspect5, Genesis 31:34 "Now Rachel had taken the images, and put them in the camel's furniture, and sat upon them. And Laban searched all the tent, but found them not."
Aspect5, Genesis 32:11 "Deliver me, I pray thee, from the hand of my brother, from the hand of Esau: for I fear him, lest he will come and smite me, and the mother with the children."
Aspect5, Genesis 32:13 "And he lodged there that same night; and took of that which came to his hand a present for Esau his brother;"
Aspect5, Genesis 32:31 "And as he passed over Penuel the sun rose upon him, and he halted upon his thigh."
Aspect5, Genesis 35:2 "Then Jacob said unto his household, and to all that were with him, Put away the strange gods that are among you, and be clean, and change your garments:"
Aspect5, Genesis 35:4 "And they gave unto Jacob all the strange gods which were in their hand, and all their earrings which were in their ears; and Jacob hid them under the oak which was by Shechem."
Aspect5, Genesis 36:34 "And Jobab died, and Husham of the land of Temani reigned in his stead."
Aspect5, Genesis 36:37 "And Samlah died, and Saul of Rehoboth by the river reigned in his stead."
Aspect5, Genesis 38:13 "And it was told Tamar, saying, Behold thy father in law goeth up to Timnath to shear his sheep."
Aspect5, Genesis 38:15 "When Judah saw her, he thought her to be an harlot; because she had covered her face."
Aspect5, Genesis 38:20 "And Judah sent the kid by the hand of his friend the Adullamite, to receive his pledge from the woman's hand: but he found her not."
Aspect5, Genesis 38:30 "And afterward came out his brother, that had the scarlet thread upon his hand: and his name was called Zarah."
Aspect5, Genesis 39:22 "And the keeper of the prison committed to Joseph's hand all the prisoners that were in the prison; and whatsoever they did there, he was the doer of it."
Aspect5, Genesis 41:30 "And there shall arise after them seven years of famine; and all the plenty shall be forgotten in the land of Egypt; and the famine shall consume the land;"
Aspect5, Genesis 41:42 "And Pharaoh took off his ring from his hand, and put it upon Joseph's hand, and arrayed him in vestures of fine linen, and put a gold chain about his neck;"
Aspect5, Genesis 42:17 "And he put them all together into ward three days."
Aspect5, Genesis 43:26 "And when Joseph came home, they brought him the present which was in their hand into the house, and bowed themselves to him to the earth."
Aspect5, Genesis 45:23 "And to his father he sent after this manner; ten asses laden with the good things of Egypt, and ten she asses laden with corn and bread and meat for his father by the way."
Aspect5, Genesis 47:19 "Wherefore shall we die before thine eyes, both we and our land? buy us and our land for bread, and we and our land will be servants unto Pharaoh: and give us seed, that we may live, and not die, that the land be not desolate."
Aspect5, Genesis 47:29 "And the time drew nigh that Israel must die: and he called his son Joseph, and said unto him, If now I have found grace in thy sight, put, I pray thee, thy hand under my thigh, and deal kindly and truly with me; bury me not, I pray thee, in Egypt:"
Aspect5, Genesis 48:10 "Now the eyes of Israel were dim for age, so that he could not see. And he brought them near unto him; and he kissed them, and embraced them."
Aspect5, Genesis 48:13 "And Joseph took them both, Ephraim in his right hand toward Israel's left hand, and Manasseh in his left hand toward Israel's right hand, and brought them near unto him."
Aspect5, Genesis 49:12 "His eyes shall be red with wine, and his teeth white with milk."
Aspect5, Genesis 49:20 "Out of Asher his bread shall be fat, and he shall yield royal dainties."
Aspect5, Genesis 50:26 "So Joseph died, being an hundred and ten years old: and they embalmed him, and he was put in a coffin in Egypt."
Aspect5, Exodus 3:20 "And I will stretch out my hand, and smite Egypt with all my wonders which I will do in the midst thereof: and after that he will let you go."
Aspect5, Exodus 4:4 "And the LORD said unto Moses, Put forth thine hand, and take it by the tail. And he put forth his hand, and caught it, and it became a rod in his hand:"
Aspect5, Exodus 4:6 "And the LORD said furthermore unto him, Put now thine hand into thy bosom. And he put his hand into his bosom: and when he took it out, behold, his hand was leprous as snow."
Aspect5, Exodus 4:7 "And he said, Put thine hand into thy bosom again. And he put his hand into his bosom again; and plucked it out of his bosom, and, behold, it was turned again as his other flesh."
Aspect5, Exodus 7:18 "And the fish that is in the river shall die, and the river shall stink; and the Egyptians shall loathe to drink of the water of the river."
Aspect5, Exodus 8:6 "And Aaron stretched out his hand over the waters of Egypt; and the frogs came up, and covered the land of Egypt."
Aspect5, Exodus 12:12 "For I will pass through the land of Egypt this night, and will smite all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both man and beast; and against all the gods of Egypt I will execute judgment: I am the LORD."
Aspect5, Exodus 12:19 "Seven days shall there be no leaven found in your houses: for whosoever eateth that which is leavened, even that soul shall be cut off from the congregation of Israel, whether he be a stranger, or born in the land."
Aspect5, Exodus 12:47 "All the congregation of Israel shall keep it."
Aspect5, Exodus 13:2 "Sanctify unto me all the firstborn, whatsoever openeth the womb among the children of Israel, both of man and of beast: it is mine."
Aspect5, Exodus 13:9 "And it shall be for a sign unto thee upon thine hand, and for a memorial between thine eyes, that the LORD's law may be in thy mouth: for with a strong hand hath the LORD brought thee out of Egypt."
Aspect5, Exodus 13:14 "And it shall be when thy son asketh thee in time to come, saying, What is this? that thou shalt say unto him, By strength of hand the LORD brought us out from Egypt, from the house of bondage:"
Aspect5, Exodus 13:16 "And it shall be for a token upon thine hand, and for frontlets between thine eyes: for by strength of hand the LORD brought us forth out of Egypt."
Aspect5, Exodus 14:27 "And Moses stretched forth his hand over the sea, and the sea returned to his strength when the morning appeared; and the Egyptians fled against it; and the LORD overthrew the Egyptians in the midst of the sea."
Aspect5, Exodus 16:14 "And when the dew that lay was gone up, behold, upon the face of the wilderness there lay a small round thing, as small as the hoar frost on the ground."
Aspect5, Exodus 17:11 "And it came to pass, when Moses held up his hand, that Israel prevailed: and when he let down his hand, Amalek prevailed."
Aspect5, Exodus 18:9 "And Jethro rejoiced for all the goodness which the LORD had done to Israel, whom he had delivered out of the hand of the Egyptians."
Aspect5, Exodus 20:6 "And showing mercy unto thousands of them that love me, and keep my commandments."
Aspect5, Exodus 20:23 "Ye shall not make with me gods of silver, neither shall ye make unto you gods of gold."
Aspect5, Exodus 21:16 "And he that stealeth a man, and selleth him, or if he be found in his hand, he shall surely be put to death."
Aspect5, Exodus 21:24 "Eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot,"
Aspect5, Exodus 22:4 "If the theft be certainly found in his hand alive, whether it be ox, or ass, or sheep; he shall restore double."
Aspect5, Exodus 22:7 "If a man shall deliver unto his neighbor money or stuff to keep, and it be stolen out of the man's house; if the thief be found, let him pay double."
Aspect5, Exodus 22:8 "If the thief be not found, then the master of the house shall be brought unto the judges, to see whether he have put his hand unto his neighbor's goods."
Aspect5, Exodus 22:10 "If a man deliver unto his neighbor an ass, or an ox, or a sheep, or any beast, to keep; and it die, or be hurt, or driven away, no man seeing it:"
Aspect5, Exodus 23:25 "And ye shall serve the LORD your God, and he shall bless thy bread, and thy water; and I will take sickness away from the midst of thee."
Aspect5, Exodus 24:16 "And the glory of the LORD abode upon mount Sinai, and the cloud covered it six days: and the seventh day he called unto Moses out of the midst of the cloud."
Aspect5, Exodus 25:6 "Oil for the light, spices for anointing oil, and for sweet incense,"
Aspect5, Exodus 25:17 "And thou shalt make a mercy seat of pure gold: two cubits and a half shall be the length thereof, and a cubit and a half the breadth thereof."
Aspect5, Exodus 25:24 "And thou shalt overlay it with pure gold, and make thereto a crown of gold round about."
Aspect5, Exodus 25:31 "And thou shalt make a candlestick of pure gold: of beaten work shall the candlestick be made: his shaft, and his branches, his bowls, his knops, and his flowers, shall be of the same."
Aspect5, Exodus 25:39 "Of a talent of pure gold shall he make it, with all these vessels."
Aspect5, Exodus 26:6 "And thou shalt make fifty taches of gold, and couple the curtains together with the taches: and it shall be one tabernacle."
Aspect5, Exodus 26:16 "Ten cubits shall be the length of a board, and a cubit and a half shall be the breadth of one board."
Aspect5, Exodus 26:29 "And thou shalt overlay the boards with gold, and make their rings of gold for places for the bars: and thou shalt overlay the bars with gold."
Aspect5, Exodus 28:6 "And they shall make the ephod of gold, of blue, and of purple, of scarlet, and fine twined linen, with cunning work."
Aspect5, Exodus 28:13 "And thou shalt make ouches of gold;"
Aspect5, Exodus 28:22 "And thou shalt make upon the breastplate chains at the ends of wreathed work of pure gold."
Aspect5, Exodus 28:23 "And thou shalt make upon the breastplate two rings of gold, and shalt put the two rings on the two ends of the breastplate."
Aspect5, Exodus 28:24 "And thou shalt put the two wreathed chains of gold in the two rings which are on the ends of the breastplate."
Aspect5, Exodus 28:32 "And there shall be an hole in the top of it, in the midst thereof: it shall have a binding of woven work round about the hole of it, as it were the hole of an habergeon, that it be not rent."
Aspect5, Exodus 28:36 "And thou shalt make a plate of pure gold, and grave upon it, like the engravings of a signet, HOLINESS TO THE LORD."
Aspect5, Exodus 28:42 "And thou shalt make them linen breeches to cover their nakedness; from the loins even unto the thighs they shall reach:"
Aspect5, Exodus 29:10 "And thou shalt cause a bullock to be brought before the tabernacle of the congregation: and Aaron and his sons shall put their hands upon the head of the bullock."
Aspect5, Exodus 29:22 "Also thou shalt take of the ram the fat and the rump, and the fat that covereth the inwards, and the caul above the liver, and the two kidneys, and the fat that is upon them, and the right shoulder; for it is a ram of consecration:"
Aspect5, Exodus 29:29 "And the holy garments of Aaron shall be his sons' after him, to be anointed therein, and to be consecrated in them."
Aspect5, Exodus 29:32 "And Aaron and his sons shall eat the flesh of the ram, and the bread that is in the basket by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation."
Aspect5, Exodus 29:37 "Seven days thou shalt make an atonement for the altar, and sanctify it; and it shall be an altar most holy: whatsoever toucheth the altar shall be holy."
Aspect5, Exodus 30:10 "And Aaron shall make an atonement upon the horns of it once in a year with the blood of the sin offering of atonements: once in the year shall he make atonement upon it throughout your generations: it is most holy unto the LORD."
Aspect5, Exodus 30:25 "And thou shalt make it an oil of holy ointment, an ointment compound after the art of the apothecary: it shall be an holy anointing oil."
Aspect5, Exodus 30:29 "And thou shalt sanctify them, that they may be most holy: whatsoever toucheth them shall be holy."
Aspect5, Exodus 30:32 "Upon man's flesh shall it not be poured, neither shall ye make any other like it, after the composition of it: it is holy, and it shall be holy unto you."
Aspect5, Exodus 30:37 "And as for the perfume which thou shalt make, ye shall not make to yourselves according to the composition thereof: it shall be unto thee holy for the LORD."
Aspect5, Exodus 30:38 "Whosoever shall make like unto that, to smell thereto, shall even be cut off from his people."
Aspect5, Exodus 32:4 "And he received them at their hand, and fashioned it with a graving tool, after he had made it a molten calf: and they said, These be thy gods, O Israel, which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt."
Aspect5, Exodus 33:23 "And I will take away mine hand, and thou shalt see my back parts: but my face shall not be seen."
Aspect5, Exodus 34:3 "And no man shall come up with thee, neither let any man be seen throughout all the mount; neither let the flocks nor herds feed before that mount."
Aspect5, Exodus 34:28 "And he was there with the LORD forty days and forty nights; he did neither eat bread, nor drink water. And he wrote upon the tables the words of the covenant, the ten commandments."
Aspect5, Exodus 35:8 "And oil for the light, and spices for anointing oil, and for the sweet incense,"
Aspect5, Exodus 36:34 "And he overlaid the boards with gold, and made their rings of gold to be places for the bars, and overlaid the bars with gold."
Aspect5, Exodus 37:11 "And he overlaid it with pure gold, and made thereunto a crown of gold round about."
Aspect5, Exodus 37:26 "And he overlaid it with pure gold, both the top of it, and the sides thereof round about, and the horns of it: also he made unto it a crown of gold round about."
Aspect5, Exodus 39:16 "And they made two ouches of gold, and two gold rings; and put the two rings in the two ends of the breastplate."
Aspect5, Exodus 39:19 "And they made two rings of gold, and put them on the two ends of the breastplate, upon the border of it, which was on the side of the ephod inward."
Aspect5, Leviticus 1:4 "And he shall put his hand upon the head of the burnt offering; and it shall be accepted for him to make atonement for him."
Aspect5, Leviticus 2:3 "And the remnant of the meat offering shall be Aaron's and his sons': it is a thing most holy of the offerings of the LORD made by fire."
Aspect5, Leviticus 2:7 "And if thy oblation be a meat offering baked in the frying pan, it shall be made of fine flour with oil."
Aspect5, Leviticus 2:10 "And that which is left of the meat offering shall be Aaron's and his sons': it is a thing most holy of the offerings of the LORD made by fire."
Aspect5, Leviticus 3:2 "And he shall lay his hand upon the head of his offering, and kill it at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation: and Aaron's sons the priests shall sprinkle the blood upon the altar round about."
Aspect5, Leviticus 3:8 "And he shall lay his hand upon the head of his offering, and kill it before the tabernacle of the congregation: and Aaron's sons shall sprinkle the blood thereof round about upon the altar."
Aspect5, Leviticus 3:13 "And he shall lay his hand upon the head of it, and kill it before the tabernacle of the congregation: and the sons of Aaron shall sprinkle the blood thereof upon the altar round about."
Aspect5, Leviticus 4:2 "Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, If a soul shall sin through ignorance against any of the commandments of the LORD concerning things which ought not to be done, and shall do against any of them:"
Aspect5, Leviticus 4:4 "And he shall bring the bullock unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation before the LORD; and shall lay his hand upon the bullock's head, and kill the bullock before the LORD."
Aspect5, Leviticus 4:13 "And if the whole congregation of Israel sin through ignorance, and the thing be hid from the eyes of the assembly, and they have done somewhat against any of the commandments of the LORD concerning things which should not be done, and are guilty;"
Aspect5, Leviticus 4:24 "And he shall lay his hand upon the head of the goat, and kill it in the place where they kill the burnt offering before the LORD: it is a sin offering."
Aspect5, Leviticus 4:31 "And he shall take away all the fat thereof, as the fat is taken away from off the sacrifice of peace offerings; and the priest shall burn it upon the altar for a sweet savor unto the LORD; and the priest shall make an atonement for him, and it shall be forgiven him."
Aspect5, Leviticus 5:3 "Or if he touch the uncleanness of man, whatsoever uncleanness it be that a man shall be defiled withal, and it be hid from him; when he knoweth of it, then he shall be guilty."
Aspect5, Leviticus 5:16 "And he shall make amends for the harm that he hath done in the holy thing, and shall add the fifth part thereto, and give it unto the priest: and the priest shall make an atonement for him with the ram of the trespass offering, and it shall be forgiven him."
Aspect5, Leviticus 6:2 "If a soul sin, and commit a trespass against the LORD, and lie unto his neighbor in that which was delivered him to keep, or in fellowship, or in a thing taken away by violence, or hath deceived his neighbor;"
Aspect5, Leviticus 6:7 "And the priest shall make an atonement for him before the LORD: and it shall be forgiven him for any thing of all that he hath done in trespassing therein."
Aspect5, Leviticus 6:27 "Whatsoever shall touch the flesh thereof shall be holy: and when there is sprinkled of the blood thereof upon any garment, thou shalt wash that whereon it was sprinkled in the holy place."
Aspect5, Leviticus 7:19 "And the flesh that toucheth any unclean thing shall not be eaten; it shall be burnt with fire: and as for the flesh, all that be clean shall eat thereof."
Aspect5, Leviticus 7:21 "Moreover the soul that shall touch any unclean thing, as the uncleanness of man, or any unclean beast, or any abominable unclean thing, and eat of the flesh of the sacrifice of peace offerings, which pertain unto the LORD, even that soul shall be cut off from his people."
Aspect5, Leviticus 8:20 "And he cut the ram into pieces; and Moses burnt the head, and the pieces, and the fat."
Aspect5, Leviticus 11:32 "And upon whatsoever any of them, when they are dead, doth fall, it shall be unclean; whether it be any vessel of wood, or raiment, or skin, or sack, whatsoever vessel it be, wherein any work is done, it must be put into water, and it shall be unclean until the even; so it shall be cleansed."
Aspect5, Leviticus 11:42 "Whatsoever goeth upon the belly, and whatsoever goeth upon all four, or whatsoever hath more feet among all creeping things that creep upon the earth, them ye shall not eat; for they are an abomination."
Aspect5, Leviticus 13:2 "When a man shall have in the skin of his flesh a rising, a scab, or bright spot, and it be in the skin of his flesh like the plague of leprosy; then he shall be brought unto Aaron the priest, or unto one of his sons the priests:"
Aspect5, Leviticus 13:13 "Then the priest shall consider: and, behold, if the leprosy have covered all his flesh, he shall pronounce him clean that hath the plague: it is all turned white: he is clean."
Aspect5, Leviticus 13:14 "But when raw flesh appeareth in him, he shall be unclean."
Aspect5, Leviticus 13:15 "And the priest shall see the raw flesh, and pronounce him to be unclean: for the raw flesh is unclean: it is a leprosy."
Aspect5, Leviticus 13:19 "And in the place of the boil there be a white rising, or a bright spot, white, and somewhat reddish, and it be showed to the priest;"
Aspect5, Leviticus 13:24 "Or if there be any flesh, in the skin whereof there is a hot burning, and the quick flesh that burneth have a white bright spot, somewhat reddish, or white;"
Aspect5, Leviticus 13:40 "And the man whose hair is fallen off his head, he is bald; yet is he clean."
Aspect5, Leviticus 13:58 "And the garment, either warp, or woof, or whatsoever thing of skin it be, which thou shalt wash, if the plague be departed from them, then it shall be washed the second time, and shall be clean."
Aspect5, Leviticus 14:9 "But it shall be on the seventh day, that he shall shave all his hair off his head and his beard and his eyebrows, even all his hair he shall shave off: and he shall wash his clothes, also he shall wash his flesh in water, and he shall be clean."
Aspect5, Leviticus 14:15 "And the priest shall take some of the log of oil, and pour it into the palm of his own left hand:"
Aspect5, Leviticus 14:16 "And the priest shall dip his right finger in the oil that is in his left hand, and shall sprinkle of the oil with his finger seven times before the LORD:"
Aspect5, Leviticus 14:18 "And the remnant of the oil that is in the priest's hand he shall pour upon the head of him that is to be cleansed: and the priest shall make an atonement for him before the LORD."
Aspect5, Leviticus 14:19 "And the priest shall offer the sin offering, and make an atonement for him that is to be cleansed from his uncleanness; and afterward he shall kill the burnt offering:"
Aspect5, Leviticus 14:20 "And the priest shall offer the burnt offering and the meat offering upon the altar: and the priest shall make an atonement for him, and he shall be clean."
Aspect5, Leviticus 14:21 "And if he be poor, and cannot get so much; then he shall take one lamb for a trespass offering to be waved, to make an atonement for him, and one tenth deal of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering, and a log of oil;"
Aspect5, Leviticus 14:25 "And he shall kill the lamb of the trespass offering, and the priest shall take some of the blood of the trespass offering, and put it upon the tip of the right ear of him that is to be cleansed, and upon the thumb of his right hand, and upon the great toe of his right foot:"
Aspect5, Leviticus 14:26 "And the priest shall pour of the oil into the palm of his own left hand:"
Aspect5, Leviticus 14:27 "And the priest shall sprinkle with his right finger some of the oil that is in his left hand seven times before the LORD:"
Aspect5, Leviticus 14:28 "And the priest shall put of the oil that is in his hand upon the tip of the right ear of him that is to be cleansed, and upon the thumb of his right hand, and upon the great toe of his right foot, upon the place of the blood of the trespass offering:"
Aspect5, Leviticus 14:32 "This is the law of him in whom is the plague of leprosy, whose hand is not able to get that which pertaineth to his cleansing."
Aspect5, Leviticus 15:3 "And this shall be his uncleanness in his issue: whether his flesh run with his issue, or his flesh be stopped from his issue, it is his uncleanness."
Aspect5, Leviticus 15:25 "And if a woman have an issue of her blood many days out of the time of her separation, or if it run beyond the time of her separation; all the days of the issue of her uncleanness shall be as the days of her separation: she shall be unclean."
Aspect5, Leviticus 16:17 "And there shall be no man in the tabernacle of the congregation when he goeth in to make an atonement in the holy place, until he come out, and have made an atonement for himself, and for his household, and for all the congregation of Israel."
Aspect5, Leviticus 16:21 "And Aaron shall lay both his hands upon the head of the live goat, and confess over him all the iniquities of the children of Israel, and all their transgressions in all their sins, putting them upon the head of the goat, and shall send him away by the hand of a fit man into the wilderness:"
Aspect5, Leviticus 16:27 "And the bullock for the sin offering, and the goat for the sin offering, whose blood was brought in to make atonement in the holy place, shall one carry forth without the camp; and they shall burn in the fire their skins, and their flesh, and their dung."
Aspect5, Leviticus 16:33 "And he shall make an atonement for the holy sanctuary, and he shall make an atonement for the tabernacle of the congregation, and for the altar, and he shall make an atonement for the priests, and for all the people of the congregation."
Aspect5, Leviticus 17:11 "For the life of the flesh is in the blood: and I have given it to you upon the altar to make an atonement for your souls: for it is the blood that maketh an atonement for the soul."
Aspect5, Leviticus 18:13 "Thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy mother's sister: for she is thy mother's near kinswoman."
Aspect5, Leviticus 20:17 "And if a man shall take his sister, his father's daughter, or his mother's daughter, and see her nakedness, and she see his nakedness; it is a wicked thing; and they shall be cut off in the sight of their people: he hath uncovered his sister's nakedness; he shall bear his iniquity."
Aspect5, Leviticus 20:19 "And thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy mother's sister, nor of thy father's sister: for he uncovereth his near kin: they shall bear their iniquity."
Aspect5, Leviticus 20:20 "And if a man shall lie with his uncle's wife, he hath uncovered his uncle's nakedness: they shall bear their sin; they shall die childless."
Aspect5, Leviticus 21:5 "They shall not make baldness upon their head, neither shall they shave off the corner of their beard, nor make any cuttings in their flesh."
Aspect5, Leviticus 21:10 "And he that is the high priest among his brethren, upon whose head the anointing oil was poured, and that is consecrated to put on the garments, shall not uncover his head, nor rend his clothes;"
Aspect5, Leviticus 22:4 "What man soever of the seed of Aaron is a leper, or hath a running issue; he shall not eat of the holy things, until he be clean. And whoso toucheth any thing that is unclean by the dead, or a man whose seed goeth from him;"
Aspect5, Leviticus 22:14 "And if a man eat of the holy thing unwittingly, then he shall put the fifth part thereof unto it, and shall give it unto the priest with the holy thing."
Aspect5, Leviticus 22:24 "Ye shall not offer unto the LORD that which is bruised, or crushed, or broken, or cut; neither shall ye make any offering thereof in your land."
Aspect5, Leviticus 22:25 "Neither from a stranger's hand shall ye offer the bread of your God of any of these; because their corruption is in them, and blemishes be in them: they shall not be accepted for you."
Aspect5, Leviticus 23:29 "For whatsoever soul it be that shall not be afflicted in that same day, he shall be cut off from among his people."
Aspect5, Leviticus 24:20 "Breach for breach, eye for eye, tooth for tooth: as he hath caused a blemish in a man, so shall it be done to him again."
Aspect5, Leviticus 25:11 "A jubilee shall that fiftieth year be unto you: ye shall not sow, neither reap that which groweth of itself in it, nor gather the grapes in it of thy vine undressed."
Aspect5, Leviticus 26:4 "Then I will give you rain in due season, and the land shall yield her increase, and the trees of the field shall yield their fruit."
Aspect5, Leviticus 26:16 "I also will do this unto you; I will even appoint over you terror, consumption, and the burning ague, that shall consume the eyes, and cause sorrow of heart: and ye shall sow your seed in vain, for your enemies shall eat it."
Aspect5, Leviticus 26:20 "And your strength shall be spent in vain: for your land shall not yield her increase, neither shall the trees of the land yield their fruits."
Aspect5, Leviticus 26:26 "And when I have broken the staff of your bread, ten women shall bake your bread in one oven, and they shall deliver you your bread again by weight: and ye shall eat, and not be satisfied."
Aspect5, Leviticus 26:39 "And they that are left of you shall pine away in their iniquity in your enemies' lands; and also in the iniquities of their fathers shall they pine away with them."
Aspect5, Leviticus 26:43 "The land also shall be left of them, and shall enjoy her sabbaths, while she lieth desolate without them: and they shall accept of the punishment of their iniquity: because, even because they despised my judgments, and because their soul abhorred my statutes."
Aspect5, Leviticus 27:13 "But if he will at all redeem it, then he shall add a fifth part thereof unto thy estimation."
Aspect5, Leviticus 27:27 "And if it be of an unclean beast, then he shall redeem it according to thine estimation, and shall add a fifth part of it thereto: or if it be not redeemed, then it shall be sold according to thy estimation."
Aspect5, Leviticus 27:32 "And concerning the tithe of the herd, or of the flock, even of whatsoever passeth under the rod, the tenth shall be holy unto the LORD."
Aspect5, Leviticus 27:33 "He shall not search whether it be good or bad, neither shall he change it: and if he change it at all, then both it and the change thereof shall be holy; it shall not be redeemed."
Aspect5, Numbers 1:16 "These were the renowned of the congregation, princes of the tribes of their fathers, heads of thousands in Israel."
Aspect5, Numbers 3:22 "Those that were numbered of them, according to the number of all the males, from a month old and upward, even those that were numbered of them were seven thousand and five hundred."
Aspect5, Numbers 4:9 "And they shall take a cloth of blue, and cover the candlestick of the light, and his lamps, and his tongs, and his snuffdishes, and all the oil vessels thereof, wherewith they minister unto it:"
Aspect5, Numbers 4:16 "And to the office of Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest pertaineth the oil for the light, and the sweet incense, and the daily meat offering, and the anointing oil, and the oversight of all the tabernacle, and of all that therein is, in the sanctuary, and in the vessels thereof."
Aspect5, Numbers 5:22 "And this water that causeth the curse shall go into thy bowels, to make thy belly to swell, and thy thigh to rot: And the woman shall say, Amen, amen."
Aspect5, Numbers 5:25 "Then the priest shall take the jealousy offering out of the woman's hand, and shall wave the offering before the LORD, and offer it upon the altar:"
Aspect5, Numbers 6:7 "He shall not make himself unclean for his father, or for his mother, for his brother, or for his sister, when they die: because the consecration of his God is upon his head."
Aspect5, Numbers 7:86 "The golden spoons were twelve, full of incense, weighing ten shekels apiece, after the shekel of the sanctuary: all the gold of the spoons was an hundred and twenty shekels."
Aspect5, Numbers 11:6 "But now our soul is dried away: there is nothing at all, beside this manna, before our eyes."
Aspect5, Numbers 11:22 "Shall the flocks and the herds be slain for them, to suffice them? or shall all the fish of the sea be gathered together for them, to suffice them?"
Aspect5, Numbers 12:12 "Let her not be as one dead, of whom the flesh is half consumed when he cometh out of his mother's womb."
Aspect5, Numbers 15:6 "Or for a ram, thou shalt prepare for a meat offering two tenth deals of flour mingled with the third part of an hin of oil."
Aspect5, Numbers 15:24 "Then it shall be, if ought be committed by ignorance without the knowledge of the congregation, that all the congregation shall offer one young bullock for a burnt offering, for a sweet savor unto the LORD, with his meat offering, and his drink offering, according to the manner, and one kid of the goats for a sin offering."
Aspect5, Numbers 15:28 "And the priest shall make an atonement for the soul that sinneth ignorantly, when he sinneth by ignorance before the LORD, to make an atonement for him; and it shall be forgiven him."
Aspect5, Numbers 15:34 "And they put him in ward, because it was not declared what should be done to him."
Aspect5, Numbers 17:13 "Whosoever cometh any thing near unto the tabernacle of the LORD shall die: shall we be consumed with dying?"
Aspect5, Numbers 19:7 "Then the priest shall wash his clothes, and he shall bathe his flesh in water, and afterward he shall come into the camp, and the priest shall be unclean until the even."
Aspect5, Numbers 19:22 "And whatsoever the unclean person toucheth shall be unclean; and the soul that toucheth it shall be unclean until even."
Aspect5, Numbers 21:8 "And the LORD said unto Moses, Make thee a fiery serpent, and set it upon a pole: and it shall come to pass, that every one that is bitten, when he looketh upon it, shall live."
Aspect5, Numbers 22:15 "And Balak sent yet again princes, more, and more honorable than they."
Aspect5, Numbers 23:23 "Surely there is no enchantment against Jacob, neither is there any divination against Israel: according to this time it shall be said of Jacob and of Israel, What hath God wrought!"
Aspect5, Numbers 24:18 "And Edom shall be a possession, Seir also shall be a possession for his enemies; and Israel shall do valiantly."
Aspect5, Numbers 24:24 "And ships shall come from the coast of Chittim, and shall afflict Asshur, and shall afflict Eber, and he also shall perish for ever."
Aspect5, Numbers 28:12 "And three tenth deals of flour for a meat offering, mingled with oil, for one bullock; and two tenth deals of flour for a meat offering, mingled with oil, for one ram;"
Aspect5, Numbers 29:3 "And their meat offering shall be of flour mingled with oil, three tenth deals for a bullock, and two tenth deals for a ram,"
Aspect5, Numbers 29:9 "And their meat offering shall be of flour mingled with oil, three tenth deals to a bullock, and two tenth deals to one ram,"
Aspect5, Numbers 31:27 "And divide the prey into two parts; between them that took the war upon them, who went out to battle, and between all the congregation:"
Aspect5, Numbers 35:25 "And the congregation shall deliver the slayer out of the hand of the revenger of blood, and the congregation shall restore him to the city of his refuge, whither he was fled: and he shall abide in it unto the death of the high priest, which was anointed with the holy oil."
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 2:5 "Meddle not with them; for I will not give you of their land, no, not so much as a foot breadth; because I have given mount Seir unto Esau for a possession."
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 3:8 "And we took at that time out of the hand of the two kings of the Amorites the land that was on this side Jordan, from the river of Arnon unto mount Hermon;"
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 4:16 "Lest ye corrupt yourselves, and make you a graven image, the similitude of any figure, the likeness of male or female,"
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 5:10 "And showing mercy unto thousands of them that love me and keep my commandments."
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 6:8 "And thou shalt bind them for a sign upon thine hand, and they shall be as frontlets between thine eyes."
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 6:21 "Then thou shalt say unto thy son, We were Pharaoh's bondmen in Egypt; and the LORD brought us out of Egypt with a mighty hand:"
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 11:14 "That I will give you the rain of your land in his due season, the first rain and the latter rain, that thou mayest gather in thy corn, and thy wine, and thine oil."
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 11:18 "Therefore shall ye lay up these my words in your heart and in your soul, and bind them for a sign upon your hand, that they may be as frontlets between your eyes."
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 12:17 "Thou mayest not eat within thy gates the tithe of thy corn, or of thy wine, or of thy oil, or the firstlings of thy herds or of thy flock, nor any of thy vows which thou vowest, nor thy freewill offerings, or heave offering of thine hand:"
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 13:9 "But thou shalt surely kill him; thine hand shall be first upon him to put him to death, and afterwards the hand of all the people."
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 15:3 "Of a foreigner thou mayest exact it again: but that which is thine with thy brother thine hand shall release;"
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 17:20 "That his heart be not lifted up above his brethren, and that he turn not aside from the commandment, to the right hand, or to the left: to the end that he may prolong his days in his kingdom, he, and his children, in the midst of Israel."
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 18:3 "And this shall be the priest's due from the people, from them that offer a sacrifice, whether it be ox or sheep; and they shall give unto the priest the shoulder, and the two cheeks, and the maw."
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 19:4 "And this is the case of the slayer, which shall flee thither, that he may live: Whoso killeth his neighbor ignorantly, whom he hated not in time past;"
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 21:21 "And all the men of his city shall stone him with stones, that he die: so shalt thou put evil away from among you; and all Israel shall hear, and fear."
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 22:19 "And they shall amerce him in an hundred shekels of silver, and give them unto the father of the damsel, because he hath brought up an evil name upon a virgin of Israel: and she shall be his wife; he may not put her away all his days."
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 22:22 "If a man be found lying with a woman married to an husband, then they shall both of them die, both the man that lay with the woman, and the woman: so shalt thou put away evil from Israel."
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 23:8 "The children that are begotten of them shall enter into the congregation of the LORD in their third generation."
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 23:17 "There shall be no whore of the daughters of Israel, nor a sodomite of the sons of Israel."
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 24:7 "If a man be found stealing any of his brethren of the children of Israel, and maketh merchandise of him, or selleth him; then that thief shall die; and thou shalt put evil away from among you."
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 28:24 "The LORD shall make the rain of thy land powder and dust: from heaven shall it come down upon thee, until thou be destroyed."
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 28:26 "And thy carcass shall be meat unto all fowls of the air, and unto the beasts of the earth, and no man shall fray them away."
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 28:31 "Thine ox shall be slain before thine eyes, and thou shalt not eat thereof: thine ass shall be violently taken away from before thy face, and shall not be restored to thee: thy sheep shall be given unto thine enemies, and thou shalt have none to rescue them."
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 29:18 "Lest there should be among you man, or woman, or family, or tribe, whose heart turneth away this day from the LORD our God, to go and serve the gods of these nations; lest there should be among you a root that beareth gall and wormwood;"
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 29:23 "And that the whole land thereof is brimstone, and salt, and burning, that it is not sown, nor beareth, nor any grass groweth therein, like the overthrow of Sodom, and Gomorrah, Admah, and Zeboim, which the LORD overthrew in his anger, and in his wrath:"
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 30:17 "But if thine heart turn away, so that thou wilt not hear, but shalt be drawn away, and worship other gods, and serve them;"
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 32:2 "My doctrine shall drop as the rain, my speech shall distil as the dew, as the small rain upon the tender herb, and as the showers upon the grass:"
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 32:40 "For I lift up my hand to heaven, and say, I live for ever."
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 32:42 "I will make mine arrows drunk with blood, and my sword shall devour flesh; and that with the blood of the slain and of the captives, from the beginning of revenges upon the enemy."
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 33:11 "Bless, LORD, his substance, and accept the work of his hands; smite through the loins of them that rise against him, and of them that hate him, that they rise not again."
Aspect5, Deuteronomy 34:12 "And in all that mighty hand, and in all the great terror which Moses showed in the sight of all Israel."
Aspect5, Joshua 5:2 "At that time the LORD said unto Joshua, Make thee sharp knives, and circumcise again the children of Israel the second time."
Aspect5, Joshua 6:21 "And they utterly destroyed all that was in the city, both man and woman, young and old, and ox, and sheep, and ass, with the edge of the sword."
Aspect5, Joshua 7:6 "And Joshua rent his clothes, and fell to the earth upon his face before the ark of the LORD until the eventide, he and the elders of Israel, and put dust upon their heads."
Aspect5, Joshua 8:18 "And the LORD said unto Joshua, Stretch out the spear that is in thy hand toward Ai; for I will give it into thine hand. And Joshua stretched out the spear that he had in his hand toward the city."
Aspect5, Joshua 9:20 "This we will do to them; we will even let them live, lest wrath be upon us, because of the oath which we sware unto them."
Aspect5, Joshua 10:26 "And afterward Joshua smote them, and slew them, and hanged them on five trees: and they were hanging upon the trees until the evening."
Aspect5, Joshua 10:32 "And the LORD delivered Lachish into the hand of Israel, which took it on the second day, and smote it with the edge of the sword, and all the souls that were therein, according to all that he had done to Libnah."
Aspect5, Joshua 10:37 "And they took it, and smote it with the edge of the sword, and the king thereof, and all the cities thereof, and all the souls that were therein; he left none remaining, according to all that he had done to Eglon; but destroyed it utterly, and all the souls that were therein."
Aspect5, Joshua 11:11 "And they smote all the souls that were therein with the edge of the sword, utterly destroying them: there was not any left to breathe: and he burnt Hazor with fire."
Aspect5, Joshua 11:21 "And at that time came Joshua, and cut off the Anakims from the mountains, from Hebron, from Debir, from Anab, and from all the mountains of Judah, and from all the mountains of Israel: Joshua destroyed them utterly with their cities."
Aspect5, Joshua 13:1 "Now Joshua was old and stricken in years; and the LORD said unto him, Thou art old and stricken in years, and there remaineth yet very much land to be possessed."
Aspect5, Joshua 13:3 "From Sihor, which is before Egypt, even unto the borders of Ekron northward, which is counted to the Canaanite: five lords of the Philistines; the Gazathites, and the Ashdothites, the Eshkalonites, the Gittites, and the Ekronites; also the Avites:"
Aspect5, Joshua 17:9 "And the coast descended unto the river Kanah, southward of the river: these cities of Ephraim are among the cities of Manasseh: the coast of Manasseh also was on the north side of the river, and the outgoings of it were at the sea:"
Aspect5, Joshua 22:28 "Therefore said we, that it shall be, when they should so say to us or to our generations in time to come, that we may say again, Behold the pattern of the altar of the LORD, which our fathers made, not for burnt offerings, nor for sacrifices; but it is a witness between us and you."
Aspect5, Joshua 24:7 "And when they cried unto the LORD, he put darkness between you and the Egyptians, and brought the sea upon them, and covered them; and your eyes have seen what I have done in Egypt: and ye dwelt in the wilderness a long season."
Aspect5, Joshua 24:23 "Now therefore put away, said he, the strange gods which are among you, and incline your heart unto the LORD God of Israel."
Aspect5, Judges 3:21 "And Ehud put forth his left hand, and took the dagger from his right thigh, and thrust it into his belly:"
Aspect5, Judges 3:29 "And they slew of Moab at that time about ten thousand men, all lusty, and all men of valor; and there escaped not a man."
Aspect5, Judges 4:2 "And the LORD sold them into the hand of Jabin king of Canaan, that reigned in Hazor; the captain of whose host was Sisera, which dwelt in Harosheth of the Gentiles."
Aspect5, Judges 4:4 "And Deborah, a prophetess, the wife of Lapidoth, she judged Israel at that time."
Aspect5, Judges 4:16 "But Barak pursued after the chariots, and after the host, unto Harosheth of the Gentiles: and all the host of Sisera fell upon the edge of the sword; and there was not a man left."
Aspect5, Judges 4:21 "Then Jael Heber's wife took a nail of the tent, and took an hammer in her hand, and went softly unto him, and smote the nail into his temples, and fastened it into the ground: for he was fast asleep and weary. So he died."
Aspect5, Judges 5:8 "They chose new gods; then was war in the gates: was there a shield or spear seen among forty thousand in Israel?"
Aspect5, Judges 5:21 "The river of Kishon swept them away, that ancient river, the river Kishon. O my soul, thou hast trodden down strength."
Aspect5, Judges 5:26 "She put her hand to the nail, and her right hand to the workmen's hammer; and with the hammer she smote Sisera, she smote off his head, when she had pierced and stricken through his temples."
Aspect5, Judges 6:4 "And they encamped against them, and destroyed the increase of the earth, till thou come unto Gaza, and left no sustenance for Israel, neither sheep, nor ox, nor ass."
Aspect5, Judges 6:9 "And I delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of all that oppressed you, and drave them out from before you, and gave you their land;"
Aspect5, Judges 6:17 "And he said unto him, If now I have found grace in thy sight, then show me a sign that thou talkest with me."
Aspect5, Judges 10:16 "And they put away the strange gods from among them, and served the LORD: and his soul was grieved for the misery of Israel."
Aspect5, Judges 14:6 "And the Spirit of the LORD came mightily upon him, and he rent him as he would have rent a kid, and he had nothing in his hand: but he told not his father or his mother what he had done."
Aspect5, Judges 15:15 "And he found a new jawbone of an ass, and put forth his hand, and took it, and slew a thousand men therewith."
Aspect5, Judges 16:8 "Then the lords of the Philistines brought up to her seven green withes which had not been dried, and she bound him with them."
Aspect5, Judges 16:18 "And when Delilah saw that he had told her all his heart, she sent and called for the lords of the Philistines, saying, Come up this once, for he hath showed me all his heart. Then the lords of the Philistines came up unto her, and brought money in their hand."
Aspect5, Judges 16:26 "And Samson said unto the lad that held him by the hand, Suffer me that I may feel the pillars whereupon the house standeth, that I may lean upon them."
Aspect5, Judges 16:30 "And Samson said, Let me die with the Philistines. And he bowed himself with all his might; and the house fell upon the lords, and upon all the people that were therein. So the dead which he slew at his death were more than they which he slew in his life."
Aspect5, Judges 17:3 "And when he had restored the eleven hundred shekels of silver to his mother, his mother said, I had wholly dedicated the silver unto the LORD from my hand for my son, to make a graven image and a molten image: now therefore I will restore it unto thee."
Aspect5, Judges 19:5 "And it came to pass on the fourth day, when they arose early in the morning, that he rose up to depart: and the damsel's father said unto his son in law, Comfort thine heart with a morsel of bread, and afterward go your way."
Aspect5, Judges 20:5 "And the men of Gibeah rose against me, and beset the house round about upon me by night, and thought to have slain me: and my concubine have they forced, that she is dead."
Aspect5, Judges 20:38 "Now there was an appointed sign between the men of Israel and the liers in wait, that they should make a great flame with smoke rise up out of the city."
Aspect5, Ruth 1:14 "And they lifted up their voice, and wept again: and Orpah kissed her mother in law; but Ruth clave unto her."
Aspect5, Ruth 2:10 "Then she fell on her face, and bowed herself to the ground, and said unto him, Why have I found grace in thine eyes, that thou shouldest take knowledge of me, seeing I am a stranger?"
Aspect5, 1 Samuel 5:6 "But the hand of the LORD was heavy upon them of Ashdod, and he destroyed them, and smote them with emerods, even Ashdod and the coasts thereof."
Aspect5, 1 Samuel 5:9 "And it was so, that, after they had carried it about, the hand of the LORD was against the city with a very great destruction: and he smote the men of the city, both small and great, and they had emerods in their secret parts."
Aspect5, 1 Samuel 6:9 "And see, if it goeth up by the way of his own coast to Bethshemesh, then he hath done us this great evil: but if not, then we shall know that it is not his hand that smote us: it was a chance that happened to us."
Aspect5, 1 Samuel 6:16 "And when the five lords of the Philistines had seen it, they returned to Ekron the same day."
Aspect5, 1 Samuel 8:8 "According to all the works which they have done since the day that I brought them up out of Egypt even unto this day, wherewith they have forsaken me, and served other gods, so do they also unto thee."
Aspect5, 1 Samuel 8:12 "And he will appoint him captains over thousands, and captains over fifties; and will set them to ear his ground, and to reap his harvest, and to make his instruments of war, and instruments of his chariots."
Aspect5, 1 Samuel 12:3 "Behold, here I am: witness against me before the LORD, and before his anointed: whose ox have I taken? or whose ass have I taken? or whom have I defrauded? whom have I oppressed? or of whose hand have I received any bribe to blind mine eyes therewith? and I will restore it you."
Aspect5, 1 Samuel 12:5 "And he said unto them, The LORD is witness against you, and his anointed is witness this day, that ye have not found ought in my hand. And they answered, He is witness."
Aspect5, 1 Samuel 12:9 "And when they forgat the LORD their God, he sold them into the hand of Sisera, captain of the host of Hazor, and into the hand of the Philistines, and into the hand of the king of Moab, and they fought against them."
Aspect5, 1 Samuel 13:19 "Now there was no smith found throughout all the land of Israel: for the Philistines said, Lest the Hebrews make them swords or spears:"
Aspect5, 1 Samuel 17:50 "So David prevailed over the Philistine with a sling and with a stone, and smote the Philistine, and slew him; but there was no sword in the hand of David."
Aspect5, 1 Samuel 21:3 "Now therefore what is under thine hand? give me five loaves of bread in mine hand, or what there is present."
Aspect5, 1 Samuel 22:17 "And the king said unto the footmen that stood about him, Turn, and slay the priests of the LORD: because their hand also is with David, and because they knew when he fled, and did not show it to me. But the servants of the king would not put forth their hand to fall upon the priests of the LORD."
Aspect5, 1 Samuel 30:2 "And had taken the women captives, that were therein: they slew not any, either great or small, but carried them away, and went on their way."
Aspect5, 1 Samuel 30:19 "And there was nothing lacking to them, neither small nor great, neither sons nor daughters, neither spoil, nor any thing that they had taken to them: David recovered all."
Aspect5, 2 Samuel 1:10 "So I stood upon him, and slew him, because I was sure that he could not live after that he was fallen: and I took the crown that was upon his head, and the bracelet that was on his arm, and have brought them hither unto my lord."
Aspect5, 2 Samuel 1:21 "Ye mountains of Gilboa, let there be no dew, neither let there be rain, upon you, nor fields of offerings: for there the shield of the mighty is vilely cast away, the shield of Saul, as though he had not been anointed with oil."
Aspect5, 2 Samuel 2:19 "And Asahel pursued after Abner; and in going he turned not to the right hand nor to the left from following Abner."
Aspect5, 2 Samuel 4:11 "How much more, when wicked men have slain a righteous person in his own house upon his bed? shall I not therefore now require his blood of your hand, and take you away from the earth?"
Aspect5, 2 Samuel 5:13 "And David took him more concubines and wives out of Jerusalem, after he was come from Hebron: and there were yet sons and daughters born to David."
Aspect5, 2 Samuel 5:21 "And there they left their images, and David and his men burned them."
Aspect5, 2 Samuel 8:2 "And he smote Moab, and measured them with a line, casting them down to the ground; even with two lines measured he to put to death, and with one full line to keep alive. And so the Moabites became David's servants, and brought gifts."
Aspect5, 2 Samuel 10:18 "And the Syrians fled before Israel; and David slew the men of seven hundred chariots of the Syrians, and forty thousand horsemen, and smote Shobach the captain of their host, who died there."
Aspect5, 2 Samuel 13:6 "So Amnon lay down, and made himself sick: and when the king was come to see him, Amnon said unto the king, I pray thee, let Tamar my sister come, and make me a couple of cakes in my sight, that I may eat at her hand."
Aspect5, 2 Samuel 14:19 "And the king said, Is not the hand of Joab with thee in all this? And the woman answered and said, As thy soul liveth, my lord the king, none can turn to the right hand or to the left from ought that my lord the king hath spoken: for thy servant Joab, he bade me, and he put all these words in the mouth of thine handmaid:"
Aspect5, 2 Samuel 14:27 "And unto Absalom there were born three sons, and one daughter, whose name was Tamar: she was a woman of a fair countenance."
Aspect5, 2 Samuel 15:5 "And it was so, that when any man came nigh to him to do him obeisance, he put forth his hand, and took him, and kissed him."
Aspect5, 2 Samuel 17:12 "So shall we come upon him in some place where he shall be found, and we will light upon him as the dew falleth on the ground: and of him and of all the men that are with him there shall not be left so much as one."
Aspect5, 2 Samuel 17:13 "Moreover, if he be gotten into a city, then shall all Israel bring ropes to that city, and we will draw it into the river, until there be not one small stone found there."
Aspect5, 2 Samuel 17:23 "And when Ahithophel saw that his counsel was not followed, he saddled his ass, and arose, and gat him home to his house, to his city, and put his household in order, and hanged himself, and died, and was buried in the sepulchre of his father."
Aspect5, 2 Samuel 18:2 "And David sent forth a third part of the people under the hand of Joab, and a third part under the hand of Abishai the son of Zeruiah, Joab's brother, and a third part under the hand of Ittai the Gittite. And the king said unto the people, I will surely go forth with you myself also."
Aspect5, 2 Samuel 19:9 "And all the people were at strife throughout all the tribes of Israel, saying, The king saved us out of the hand of our enemies, and he delivered us out of the hand of the Philistines; and now he is fled out of the land for Absalom."
Aspect5, 2 Samuel 21:3 "Wherefore David said unto the Gibeonites, What shall I do for you? and wherewith shall I make the atonement, that ye may bless the inheritance of the LORD?"
Aspect5, 2 Samuel 21:11 "And it was told David what Rizpah the daughter of Aiah, the concubine of Saul, had done."
Aspect5, 2 Samuel 22:17 "He sent from above, he took me; he drew me out of many waters;"
Aspect5, 2 Samuel 22:43 "Then did I beat them as small as the dust of the earth, I did stamp them as the mire of the street, and did spread them abroad."
Aspect5, 2 Samuel 23:10 "He arose, and smote the Philistines until his hand was weary, and his hand clave unto the sword: and the LORD wrought a great victory that day; and the people returned after him only to spoil."
Aspect5, 2 Samuel 23:12 "But he stood in the midst of the ground, and defended it, and slew the Philistines: and the LORD wrought a great victory."
Aspect5, 2 Samuel 23:21 "And he slew an Egyptian, a goodly man: and the Egyptian had a spear in his hand; but he went down to him with a staff, and plucked the spear out of the Egyptian's hand, and slew him with his own spear."
Aspect5, 2 Samuel 24:17 "And David spake unto the LORD when he saw the angel that smote the people, and said, Lo, I have sinned, and I have done wickedly: but these sheep, what have they done? let thine hand, I pray thee, be against me, and against my father's house."
Aspect5, 1 Kings 1:1 "Now king David was old and stricken in years; and they covered him with clothes, but he gat no heat."
Aspect5, 1 Kings 2:32 "And the LORD shall return his blood upon his own head, who fell upon two men more righteous and better than he, and slew them with the sword, my father David not knowing thereof, to wit, Abner the son of Ner, captain of the host of Israel, and Amasa the son of Jether, captain of the host of Judah."
Aspect5, 1 Kings 5:14 "And he sent them to Lebanon, ten thousand a month by courses: a month they were in Lebanon, and two months at home: and Adoniram was over the levy."
Aspect5, 1 Kings 6:21 "So Solomon overlaid the house within with pure gold: and he made a partition by the chains of gold before the oracle; and he overlaid it with gold."
Aspect5, 1 Kings 6:28 "And he overlaid the cherubim with gold."
Aspect5, 1 Kings 7:3 "And it was covered with cedar above upon the beams, that lay on forty five pillars, fifteen in a row."
Aspect5, 1 Kings 7:26 "And it was an hand breadth thick, and the brim thereof was wrought like the brim of a cup, with flowers of lilies: it contained two thousand baths."
Aspect5, 1 Kings 7:47 "And Solomon left all the vessels unweighed, because they were exceeding many: neither was the weight of the brass found out."
Aspect5, 1 Kings 7:49 "And the candlesticks of pure gold, five on the right side, and five on the left, before the oracle, with the flowers, and the lamps, and the tongs of gold,"
Aspect5, 1 Kings 7:50 "And the bowls, and the snuffers, and the basins, and the spoons, and the censers of pure gold; and the hinges of gold, both for the doors of the inner house, the most holy place, and for the doors of the house, to wit, of the temple."
Aspect5, 1 Kings 9:22 "But of the children of Israel did Solomon make no bondmen: but they were men of war, and his servants, and his princes, and his captains, and rulers of his chariots, and his horsemen."
Aspect5, 1 Kings 10:18 "Moreover the king made a great throne of ivory, and overlaid it with the best gold."
Aspect5, 1 Kings 10:21 "And all king Solomon's drinking vessels were of gold, and all the vessels of the house of the forest of Lebanon were of pure gold; none were of silver: it was nothing accounted of in the days of Solomon."
Aspect5, 1 Kings 10:25 "And they brought every man his present, vessels of silver, and vessels of gold, and garments, and armor, and spices, horses, and mules, a rate year by year."
Aspect5, 1 Kings 10:28 "And Solomon had horses brought out of Egypt, and linen yarn: the king's merchants received the linen yarn at a price."
Aspect5, 1 Kings 11:42 "And the time that Solomon reigned in Jerusalem over all Israel was forty years."
Aspect5, 1 Kings 13:23 "And it came to pass, after he had eaten bread, and after he had drunk, that he saddled for him the ass, to wit, for the prophet whom he had brought back."
Aspect5, 1 Kings 14:30 "And there was war between Rehoboam and Jeroboam all their days."
Aspect5, 1 Kings 15:16 "And there was war between Asa and Baasha king of Israel all their days."
Aspect5, 1 Kings 15:32 "And there was war between Asa and Baasha king of Israel all their days."
Aspect5, 1 Kings 20:20 "And they slew every one his man: and the Syrians fled; and Israel pursued them: and Benhadad the king of Syria escaped on an horse with the horsemen."
Aspect5, 1 Kings 20:38 "So the prophet departed, and waited for the king by the way, and disguised himself with ashes upon his face."
Aspect5, 1 Kings 20:39 "And as the king passed by, he cried unto the king: and he said, Thy servant went out into the midst of the battle; and, behold, a man turned aside, and brought a man unto me, and said, Keep this man: if by any means he be missing, then shall thy life be for his life, or else thou shalt pay a talent of silver."
Aspect5, 1 Kings 22:1 "And they continued three years without war between Syria and Israel."
Aspect5, 2 Kings 3:18 "And this is but a light thing in the sight of the LORD: he will deliver the Moabites also into your hand."
Aspect5, 2 Kings 3:27 "Then he took his eldest son that should have reigned in his stead, and offered him for a burnt offering upon the wall. And there was great indignation against Israel: and they departed from him, and returned to their own land."
Aspect5, 2 Kings 4:5 "So she went from him, and shut the door upon her and upon her sons, who brought the vessels to her; and she poured out."
Aspect5, 2 Kings 5:2 "And the Syrians had gone out by companies, and had brought away captive out of the land of Israel a little maid; and she waited on Naaman's wife."
Aspect5, 2 Kings 8:22 "Yet Edom revolted from under the hand of Judah unto this day. Then Libnah revolted at the same time."
Aspect5, 2 Kings 13:3 "And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Israel, and he delivered them into the hand of Hazael king of Syria, and into the hand of Benhadad the son of Hazael, all their days."
Aspect5, 2 Kings 16:8 "And Ahaz took the silver and gold that was found in the house of the LORD, and in the treasures of the king's house, and sent it for a present to the king of Assyria."
Aspect5, 2 Kings 16:15 "And king Ahaz commanded Urijah the priest, saying, Upon the great altar burn the morning burnt offering, and the evening meat offering, and the king's burnt sacrifice, and his meat offering, with the burnt offering of all the people of the land, and their meat offering, and their drink offerings; and sprinkle upon it all the blood of the burnt offering, and all the blood of the sacrifice: and the brazen altar shall be for me to enquire by."
Aspect5, 2 Kings 17:7 "For so it was, that the children of Israel had sinned against the LORD their God, which had brought them up out of the land of Egypt, from under the hand of Pharaoh king of Egypt, and had feared other gods,"
Aspect5, 2 Kings 17:40 "Howbeit they did not hearken, but they did after their former manner."
Aspect5, 2 Kings 18:32 "Until I come and take you away to a land like your own land, a land of corn and wine, a land of bread and vineyards, a land of oil olive and of honey, that ye may live, and not die: and hearken not unto Hezekiah, when he persuadeth you, saying, The LORD will deliver us."
Aspect5, 2 Kings 18:34 "Where are the gods of Hamath, and of Arpad? where are the gods of Sepharvaim, Hena, and Ivah? have they delivered Samaria out of mine hand?"
Aspect5, 2 Kings 22:2 "And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, and walked in all the way of David his father, and turned not aside to the right hand or to the left."
Aspect5, 2 Kings 25:12 "But the captain of the guard left of the door of the poor of the land to be vinedressers and husbandmen."
Aspect5, 2 Kings 25:15 "And the firepans, and the bowls, and such things as were of gold, in gold, and of silver, in silver, the captain of the guard took away."
Aspect5, 1 Chronicles 1:4 "Noah, Shem, Ham, and Japheth."
Aspect5, 1 Chronicles 1:18 "And Arphaxad begat Shelah, and Shelah begat Eber."
Aspect5, 1 Chronicles 1:25 "Eber, Peleg, Reu,"
Aspect5, 1 Chronicles 1:48 "And when Samlah was dead, Shaul of Rehoboth by the river reigned in his stead."
Aspect5, 1 Chronicles 2:14 "Nethaneel the fourth, Raddai the fifth,"
Aspect5, 1 Chronicles 5:19 "And they made war with the Hagarites, with Jetur, and Nephish, and Nodab."
Aspect5, 1 Chronicles 7:15 "And Machir took to wife the sister of Huppim and Shuppim, whose sister's name was Maachah;) and the name of the second was Zelophehad: and Zelophehad had daughters."
Aspect5, 1 Chronicles 8:2 "Nohah the fourth, and Rapha the fifth."
Aspect5, 1 Chronicles 11:23 "And he slew an Egyptian, a man of great stature, five cubits high; and in the Egyptian's hand was a spear like a weaver's beam; and he went down to him with a staff, and plucked the spear out of the Egyptian's hand, and slew him with his own spear."
Aspect5, 1 Chronicles 12:10 "Mishmannah the fourth, Jeremiah the fifth,"
Aspect5, 1 Chronicles 12:34 "And of Naphtali a thousand captains, and with them with shield and spear thirty and seven thousand."
Aspect5, 1 Chronicles 14:11 "So they came up to Baalperazim; and David smote them there. Then David said, God hath broken in upon mine enemies by mine hand like the breaking forth of waters: therefore they called the name of that place Baalperazim."
Aspect5, 1 Chronicles 19:16 "And when the Syrians saw that they were put to the worse before Israel, they sent messengers, and drew forth the Syrians that were beyond the river: and Shophach the captain of the host of Hadarezer went before them."
Aspect5, 1 Chronicles 20:8 "These were born unto the giant in Gath; and they fell by the hand of David, and by the hand of his servants."
Aspect5, 1 Chronicles 21:14 "So the LORD sent pestilence upon Israel: and there fell of Israel seventy thousand men."
Aspect5, 1 Chronicles 23:2 "And he gathered together all the princes of Israel, with the priests and the Levites."
Aspect5, 1 Chronicles 27:27 "And over the vineyards was Shimei the Ramathite: over the increase of the vineyards for the wine cellars was Zabdi the Shiphmite:"
Aspect5, 1 Chronicles 28:19 "All this, said David, the LORD made me understand in writing by his hand upon me, even all the works of this pattern."
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 1:16 "And Solomon had horses brought out of Egypt, and linen yarn: the king's merchants received the linen yarn at a price."
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 3:10 "And in the most holy house he made two cherubim of image work, and overlaid them with gold."
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 3:17 "And he reared up the pillars before the temple, one on the right hand, and the other on the left; and called the name of that on the right hand Jachin, and the name of that on the left Boaz."
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 4:7 "And he made ten candlesticks of gold according to their form, and set them in the temple, five on the right hand, and five on the left."
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 6:36 "If they sin against thee, (for there is no man which sinneth not,) and thou be angry with them, and deliver them over before their enemies, and they carry them away captives unto a land far off or near;"
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 9:17 "Moreover the king made a great throne of ivory, and overlaid it with pure gold."
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 9:20 "And all the drinking vessels of king Solomon were of gold, and all the vessels of the house of the forest of Lebanon were of pure gold: none were of silver; it was not any thing accounted of in the days of Solomon."
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 9:24 "And they brought every man his present, vessels of silver, and vessels of gold, and raiment, harness, and spices, horses, and mules, a rate year by year."
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 9:28 "And they brought unto Solomon horses out of Egypt, and out of all lands."
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 15:13 "That whosoever would not seek the LORD God of Israel should be put to death, whether small or great, whether man or woman."
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 18:33 "And a certain man drew a bow at a venture, and smote the king of Israel between the joints of the harness: therefore he said to his chariot man, Turn thine hand, that thou mayest carry me out of the host; for I am wounded."
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 21:10 "So the Edomites revolted from under the hand of Judah unto this day. The same time also did Libnah revolt from under his hand; because he had forsaken the LORD God of his fathers."
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 24:11 "Now it came to pass, that at what time the chest was brought unto the king's office by the hand of the Levites, and when they saw that there was much money, the king's scribe and the high priest's officer came and emptied the chest, and took it, and carried it to his place again. Thus they did day by day, and gathered money in abundance."
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 25:12 "And other ten thousand left alive did the children of Judah carry away captive, and brought them unto the top of the rock, and cast them down from the top of the rock, that they all were broken in pieces."
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 25:24 "And he took all the gold and the silver, and all the vessels that were found in the house of God with Obededom, and the treasures of the king's house, the hostages also, and returned to Samaria."
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 26:11 "Moreover Uzziah had an host of fighting men, that went out to war by bands, according to the number of their account by the hand of Jeiel the scribe and Maaseiah the ruler, under the hand of Hananiah, one of the king's captains."
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 26:19 "Then Uzziah was wroth, and had a censer in his hand to burn incense: and while he was wroth with the priests, the leprosy even rose up in his forehead before the priests in the house of the LORD, from beside the incense altar."
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 28:5 "Wherefore the LORD his God delivered him into the hand of the king of Syria; and they smote him, and carried away a great multitude of them captives, and brought them to Damascus. And he was also delivered into the hand of the king of Israel, who smote him with a great slaughter."
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 29:31 "Then Hezekiah answered and said, Now ye have consecrated yourselves unto the LORD, come near and bring sacrifices and thank offerings into the house of the LORD. And the congregation brought in sacrifices and thank offerings; and as many as were of a free heart burnt offerings."
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 30:2 "For the king had taken counsel, and his princes, and all the congregation in Jerusalem, to keep the passover in the second month."
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 30:14 "And they arose and took away the altars that were in Jerusalem, and all the altars for incense took they away, and cast them into the brook Kidron."
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 32:13 "Know ye not what I and my fathers have done unto all the people of other lands? were the gods of the nations of those lands any ways able to deliver their lands out of mine hand?"
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 32:15 "Now therefore let not Hezekiah deceive you, nor persuade you on this manner, neither yet believe him: for no god of any nation or kingdom was able to deliver his people out of mine hand, and out of the hand of my fathers: how much less shall your God deliver you out of mine hand?"
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 32:22 "Thus the LORD saved Hezekiah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem from the hand of Sennacherib the king of Assyria, and from the hand of all other, and guided them on every side."
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 32:25 "But Hezekiah rendered not again according to the benefit done unto him; for his heart was lifted up: therefore there was wrath upon him, and upon Judah and Jerusalem."
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 34:2 "And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the ways of David his father, and declined neither to the right hand, nor to the left."
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 34:4 "And they brake down the altars of Baalim in his presence; and the images, that were on high above them, he cut down; and the groves, and the carved images, and the molten images, he brake in pieces, and made dust of them, and strewed it upon the graves of them that had sacrificed unto them."
Aspect5, 2 Chronicles 34:17 "And they have gathered together the money that was found in the house of the LORD, and have delivered it into the hand of the overseers, and to the hand of the workmen."
Aspect5, Ezra 4:16 "We certify the king that, if this city be builded again, and the walls thereof set up, by this means thou shalt have no portion on this side the river."
Aspect5, Ezra 7:21 "And I, even I Artaxerxes the king, do make a decree to all the treasurers which are beyond the river, that whatsoever Ezra the priest, the scribe of the law of the God of heaven, shall require of you, it be done speedily,"
Aspect5, Ezra 8:25 "And weighed unto them the silver, and the gold, and the vessels, even the offering of the house of our God, which the king, and his counsellors, and his lords, and all Israel there present, had offered:"
Aspect5, Ezra 8:26 "I even weighed unto their hand six hundred and fifty talents of silver, and silver vessels an hundred talents, and of gold an hundred talents;"
Aspect5, Ezra 8:31 "Then we departed from the river of Ahava on the twelfth day of the first month, to go unto Jerusalem: and the hand of our God was upon us, and he delivered us from the hand of the enemy, and of such as lay in wait by the way."
Aspect5, Ezra 9:2 "For they have taken of their daughters for themselves, and for their sons: so that the holy seed have mingled themselves with the people of those lands: yea, the hand of the princes and rulers hath been chief in this trespass."
Aspect5, Nehemiah 5:18 "Now that which was prepared for me daily was one ox and six choice sheep; also fowls were prepared for me, and once in ten days store of all sorts of wine: yet for all this required not I the bread of the governor, because the bondage was heavy upon this people."
Aspect5, Nehemiah 8:4 "And Ezra the scribe stood upon a pulpit of wood, which they had made for the purpose; and beside him stood Mattithiah, and Shema, and Anaiah, and Urijah, and Hilkiah, and Maaseiah, on his right hand; and on his left hand, Pedaiah, and Mishael, and Malchiah, and Hashum, and Hashbadana, Zechariah, and Meshullam."
Aspect5, Nehemiah 9:38 "And because of all this we make a sure covenant, and write it; and our princes, Levites, and priests, seal unto it."
Aspect5, Esther 1:7 "And they gave them drink in vessels of gold, (the vessels being diverse one from another,) and royal wine in abundance, according to the state of the king."
Aspect5, Esther 4:1 "When Mordecai perceived all that was done, Mordecai rent his clothes, and put on sackcloth with ashes, and went out into the midst of the city, and cried with a loud and a bitter cry;"
Aspect5, Esther 4:12 "And they told to Mordecai Esther's words."
Aspect5, Esther 6:2 "And it was found written, that Mordecai had told of Bigthana and Teresh, two of the king's chamberlains, the keepers of the door, who sought to lay hand on the king Ahasuerus."
Aspect5, Esther 9:14 "And the king commanded it so to be done: and the decree was given at Shushan; and they hanged Haman's ten sons."
Aspect5, Job 2:12 "And when they lifted up their eyes afar off, and knew him not, they lifted up their voice, and wept; and they rent every one his mantle, and sprinkled dust upon their heads toward heaven."
Aspect5, Job 3:15 "Or with princes that had gold, who filled their houses with silver:"
Aspect5, Job 4:12 "Now a thing was secretly brought to me, and mine ear received a little thereof."
Aspect5, Job 5:7 "Yet man is born unto trouble, as the sparks fly upward."
Aspect5, Job 5:10 "Who giveth rain upon the earth, and sendeth waters upon the fields:"
Aspect5, Job 6:17 "What time they wax warm, they vanish: when it is hot, they are consumed out of their place."
Aspect5, Job 7:5 "My flesh is clothed with worms and clods of dust; my skin is broken, and become loathsome."
Aspect5, Job 8:7 "Though thy beginning was small, yet thy latter end should greatly increase."
Aspect5, Job 9:15 "Whom, though I were righteous, yet would I not answer, but I would make supplication to my judge."
Aspect5, Job 9:24 "The earth is given into the hand of the wicked: he covereth the faces of the judges thereof; if not, where, and who is he?"
Aspect5, Job 9:33 "Neither is there any daysman betwixt us, that might lay his hand upon us both."
Aspect5, Job 11:14 "If iniquity be in thine hand, put it far away, and let not wickedness dwell in thy tabernacles."
Aspect5, Job 12:4 "I am as one mocked of his neighbour, who calleth upon God, and he answereth him: the just upright man is laughed to scorn."
Aspect5, Job 12:6 "The tabernacles of robbers prosper, and they that provoke God are secure; into whose hand God bringeth abundantly."
Aspect5, Job 12:17 "He leadeth counsellors away spoiled, and maketh the judges fools."
Aspect5, Job 12:25 "They grope in the dark without light, and he maketh them to stagger like a drunken man."
Aspect5, Job 13:11 "Shall not his excellency make you afraid? and his dread fall upon you?"
Aspect5, Job 13:14 "Wherefore do I take my flesh in my teeth, and put my life in mine hand?"
Aspect5, Job 13:21 "Withdraw thine hand far from me: and let not thy dread make me afraid."
Aspect5, Job 14:22 "But his flesh upon him shall have pain, and his soul within him shall mourn."
Aspect5, Job 15:14 "What is man, that he should be clean? and he which is born of a woman, that he should be righteous?"
Aspect5, Job 15:29 "He shall not be rich, neither shall his substance continue, neither shall he prolong the perfection thereof upon the earth."
Aspect5, Job 15:32 "It shall be accomplished before his time, and his branch shall not be green."
Aspect5, Job 16:13 "His archers compass me round about, he cleaveth my reins asunder, and doth not spare; he poureth out my gall upon the ground."
Aspect5, Job 16:14 "He breaketh me with breach upon breach, he runneth upon me like a giant."
Aspect5, Job 18:17 "His remembrance shall perish from the earth, and he shall have no name in the street."
Aspect5, Job 20:8 "He shall fly away as a dream, and shall not be found: yea, he shall be chased away as a vision of the night."
Aspect5, Job 20:13 "Though he spare it, and forsake it not; but keep it still within his mouth:"
Aspect5, Job 20:14 "Yet his meat in his bowels is turned, it is the gall of asps within him."
Aspect5, Job 21:5 "Mark me, and be astonished, and lay your hand upon your mouth."
Aspect5, Job 21:8 "Their seed is established in their sight with them, and their offspring before their eyes."
Aspect5, Job 21:16 "Lo, their good is not in their hand: the counsel of the wicked is far from me."
Aspect5, Job 22:24 "Then shalt thou lay up gold as dust, and the gold of Ophir as the stones of the brooks."
Aspect5, Job 23:9 "On the left hand, where he doth work, but I cannot behold him: he hideth himself on the right hand, that I cannot see him:"
Aspect5, Job 24:11 "Which make oil within their walls, and tread their winepresses, and suffer thirst."
Aspect5, Job 24:25 "And if it be not so now, who will make me a liar, and make my speech nothing worth?"
Aspect5, Job 26:7 "He stretcheth out the north over the empty place, and hangeth the earth upon nothing."
Aspect5, Job 26:8 "He bindeth up the waters in his thick clouds; and the cloud is not rent under them."
Aspect5, Job 27:22 "For God shall cast upon him, and not spare: he would fain flee out of his hand."
Aspect5, Job 28:9 "He putteth forth his hand upon the rock; he overturneth the mountains by the roots."
Aspect5, Job 28:12 "But where shall wisdom be found? and where is the place of understanding?"
Aspect5, Job 28:13 "Man knoweth not the price thereof; neither is it found in the land of the living."
Aspect5, Job 28:15 "It cannot be gotten for gold, neither shall silver be weighed for the price thereof."
Aspect5, Job 28:19 "The topaz of Ethiopia shall not equal it, neither shall it be valued with pure gold."
Aspect5, Job 29:8 "The young men saw me, and hid themselves: and the aged arose, and stood up."
Aspect5, Job 29:20 "My glory was fresh in me, and my bow was renewed in my hand."
Aspect5, Job 30:24 "Howbeit he will not stretch out his hand to the grave, though they cry in his destruction."
Aspect5, Job 31:9 "If mine heart have been deceived by a woman, or if I have laid wait at my neighbour's door;"
Aspect5, Job 31:25 "If I rejoice because my wealth was great, and because mine hand had gotten much;"
Aspect5, Job 33:9 "I am clean without transgression, I am innocent; neither is there iniquity in me."
Aspect5, Job 33:20 "So that his life abhorreth bread, and his soul dainty meat."
Aspect5, Job 34:20 "In a moment shall they die, and the people shall be troubled at midnight, and pass away: and the mighty shall be taken away without hand."
Aspect5, Job 34:29 "When he giveth quietness, who then can make trouble? and when he hideth his face, who then can behold him? whether it be done against a nation, or against a man only:"
Aspect5, Job 36:12 "But if they obey not, they shall perish by the sword, and they shall die without knowledge."
Aspect5, Job 36:27 "For he maketh small the drops of water: they pour down rain according to the vapour thereof:"
Aspect5, Job 36:31 "For by them judgeth he the people; he giveth meat in abundance."
Aspect5, Job 37:6 "For he saith to the snow, Be thou on the earth; likewise to the small rain, and to the great rain of his strength."
Aspect5, Job 38:23 "Which I have reserved against the time of trouble, against the day of battle and war?"
Aspect5, Job 38:24 "By what way is the light parted, which scattereth the east wind upon the earth?"
Aspect5, Job 41:6 "Shall the companions make a banquet of him? shall they part him among the merchants?"
Aspect5, Job 41:8 "Lay thine hand upon him, remember the battle, do no more."
Aspect5, Job 41:23 "The flakes of his flesh are joined together: they are firm in themselves; they cannot be moved."
Aspect5, Job 41:28 "The arrow cannot make him flee: slingstones are turned with him into stubble."
Aspect5, Psalm 18:16 "He sent from above, he took me, he drew me out of many waters."
Aspect5, Psalm 18:38 "I have wounded them that they were not able to rise: they are fallen under my feet."
Aspect5, Psalm 24:6 "This is the generation of them that seek him, that seek thy face, O Jacob. Selah."
Aspect5, Psalm 26:5 "I have hated the congregation of evil doers; and will not sit with the wicked."
Aspect5, Psalm 27:3 "Though an host should encamp against me, my heart shall not fear: though war should rise against me, in this will I be confident."
Aspect5, Psalm 29:6 "He maketh them also to skip like a calf; Lebanon and Sirion like a young unicorn."
Aspect5, Psalm 31:15 "My times are in thy hand: deliver me from the hand of mine enemies, and from them that persecute me."
Aspect5, Psalm 36:2 "For he flattereth himself in his own eyes, until his iniquity be found to be hateful."
Aspect5, Psalm 36:12 "There are the workers of iniquity fallen: they are cast down, and shall not be able to rise."
Aspect5, Psalm 37:19 "They shall not be ashamed in the evil time: and in the days of famine they shall be satisfied."
Aspect5, Psalm 37:24 "Though he fall, he shall not be utterly cast down: for the LORD upholdeth him with his hand."
Aspect5, Psalm 37:25 "I have been young, and now am old; yet have I not seen the righteous forsaken, nor his seed begging bread."
Aspect5, Psalm 37:36 "Yet he passed away, and, lo, he was not: yea, I sought him, but he could not be found."
Aspect5, Psalm 38:2 "For thine arrows stick fast in me, and thy hand presseth me sore."
Aspect5, Psalm 38:7 "For my loins are filled with a loathsome disease: and there is no soundness in my flesh."
Aspect5, Psalm 39:10 "Remove thy stroke away from me: I am consumed by the blow of thine hand."
Aspect5, Psalm 45:13 "The king's daughter is all glorious within: her clothing is of wrought gold."
Aspect5, Psalm 45:15 "With gladness and rejoicing shall they be brought: they shall enter into the king's palace."
Aspect5, Psalm 46:4 "There is a river, the streams whereof shall make glad the city of God, the holy place of the tabernacles of the most High."
Aspect5, Psalm 49:17 "For when he dieth he shall carry nothing away: his glory shall not descend after him."
Aspect5, Psalm 69:23 "Let their eyes be darkened, that they see not; and make their loins continually to shake."
Aspect5, Psalm 71:4 "Deliver me, O my God, out of the hand of the wicked, out of the hand of the unrighteous and cruel man."
Aspect5, Psalm 72:6 "He shall come down like rain upon the mown grass: as showers that water the earth."
Aspect5, Psalm 72:16 "There shall be an handful of corn in the earth upon the top of the mountains; the fruit thereof shall shake like Lebanon: and they of the city shall flourish like grass of the earth."
Aspect5, Psalm 74:7 "They have cast fire into thy sanctuary, they have defiled by casting down the dwelling place of thy name to the ground."
Aspect5, Psalm 78:8 "And might not be as their fathers, a stubborn and rebellious generation; a generation that set not their heart aright, and whose spirit was not stedfast with God."
Aspect5, Psalm 78:27 "He rained flesh also upon them as dust, and feathered fowls like as the sand of the sea:"
Aspect5, Psalm 78:30 "They were not estranged from their lust. But while their meat was yet in their mouths,"
Aspect5, Psalm 78:51 "And smote all the firstborn in Egypt; the chief of their strength in the tabernacles of Ham:"
Aspect5, Psalm 80:17 "Let thy hand be upon the man of thy right hand, upon the son of man whom thou madest strong for thyself."
Aspect5, Psalm 83:15 "So persecute them with thy tempest, and make them afraid with thy storm."
Aspect5, Psalm 88:15 "I am afflicted and ready to die from my youth up: while I suffer thy terrors I am distracted."
Aspect5, Psalm 89:25 "I will set his hand also in the sea, and his right hand in the rivers."
Aspect5, Psalm 92:6 "A brutish man knoweth not; neither doth a fool understand this."
Aspect5, Psalm 92:12 "The righteous shall flourish like the palm tree: he shall grow like a cedar in Lebanon."
Aspect5, Psalm 102:11 "My days are like a shadow that declineth; and I am withered like grass."
Aspect5, Psalm 102:13 "Thou shalt arise, and have mercy upon Zion: for the time to favour her, yea, the set time, is come."
Aspect5, Psalm 103:1 "Bless the LORD, O my soul: and all that is within me, bless his holy name."
Aspect5, Psalm 104:15 "And wine that maketh glad the heart of man, and oil to make his face to shine, and bread which strengtheneth man's heart."
Aspect5, Psalm 104:32 "He looketh on the earth, and it trembleth: he toucheth the hills, and they smoke."
Aspect5, Psalm 105:27 "They shewed his signs among them, and wonders in the land of Ham."
Aspect5, Psalm 106:10 "And he saved them from the hand of him that hated them, and redeemed them from the hand of the enemy."
Aspect5, Psalm 106:26 "Therefore he lifted up his hand against them, to overthrow them in the wilderness:"
Aspect5, Psalm 106:41 "And he gave them into the hand of the heathen; and they that hated them ruled over them."
Aspect5, Psalm 109:25 "I became also a reproach unto them: when they looked upon me they shaked their heads."
Aspect5, Psalm 118:15 "The voice of rejoicing and salvation is in the tabernacles of the righteous: the right hand of the LORD doeth valiantly."
Aspect5, Psalm 119:8 "I will keep thy statutes: O forsake me not utterly."
Aspect5, Psalm 119:27 "Make me to understand the way of thy precepts: so shall I talk of thy wondrous works."
Aspect5, Psalm 119:78 "Let the proud be ashamed; for they dealt perversely with me without a cause: but I will meditate in thy precepts."
Aspect5, Psalm 119:100 "I understand more than the ancients, because I keep thy precepts."
Aspect5, Psalm 119:106 "I have sworn, and I will perform it, that I will keep thy righteous judgments."
Aspect5, Psalm 119:109 "My soul is continually in my hand: yet do I not forget thy law."
Aspect5, Psalm 119:136 "Rivers of waters run down mine eyes, because they keep not thy law."
Aspect5, Psalm 119:144 "The righteousness of thy testimonies is everlasting: give me understanding, and I shall live."
Aspect5, Psalm 123:2 "Behold, as the eyes of servants look unto the hand of their masters, and as the eyes of a maiden unto the hand of her mistress; so our eyes wait upon the LORD our God, until that he have mercy upon us."
Aspect5, Psalm 129:2 "Many a time have they afflicted me from my youth: yet they have not prevailed against me."
Aspect5, Psalm 129:7 "Wherewith the mower filleth not his hand; nor he that bindeth sheaves his bosom."
Aspect5, Psalm 136:11 "And brought out Israel from among them: for his mercy endureth for ever:"
Aspect5, Psalm 136:12 "With a strong hand, and with a stretched out arm: for his mercy endureth for ever."
Aspect5, Psalm 138:7 "Though I walk in the midst of trouble, thou wilt revive me: thou shalt stretch forth thine hand against the wrath of mine enemies, and thy right hand shall save me."
Aspect5, Psalm 139:16 "Thine eyes did see my substance, yet being unperfect; and in thy book all my members were written, which in continuance were fashioned, when as yet there was none of them."
Aspect5, Psalm 140:11 "Let not an evil speaker be established in the earth: evil shall hunt the violent man to overthrow him."
Aspect5, Psalm 142:4 "I looked on my right hand, and beheld, but there was no man that would know me: refuge failed me; no man cared for my soul."
Aspect5, Psalm 144:8 "Whose mouth speaketh vanity, and their right hand is a right hand of falsehood."
Aspect5, Psalm 147:8 "Who covereth the heaven with clouds, who prepareth rain for the earth, who maketh grass to grow upon the mountains."
Aspect5, Proverbs 1:6 "To understand a proverb, and the interpretation; the words of the wise, and their dark sayings."
Aspect5, Proverbs 3:9 "Honour the LORD with thy substance, and with the firstfruits of all thine increase:"
Aspect5, Proverbs 3:10 "So shall thy barns be filled with plenty, and thy presses shall burst out with new wine."
Aspect5, Proverbs 3:16 "Length of days is in her right hand; and in her left hand riches and honour."
Aspect5, Proverbs 4:21 "Let them not depart from thine eyes; keep them in the midst of thine heart."
Aspect5, Proverbs 6:5 "Deliver thyself as a roe from the hand of the hunter, and as a bird from the hand of the fowler."
Aspect5, Proverbs 6:31 "But if he be found, he shall restore sevenfold; he shall give all the substance of his house."
Aspect5, Proverbs 7:2 "Keep my commandments, and live; and my law as the apple of thine eye."
Aspect5, Proverbs 7:21 "With her much fair speech she caused him to yield, with the flattering of her lips she forced him."
Aspect5, Proverbs 10:3 "The LORD will not suffer the soul of the righteous to famish: but he casteth away the substance of the wicked."
Aspect5, Proverbs 10:4 "He becometh poor that dealeth with a slack hand: but the hand of the diligent maketh rich."
Aspect5, Proverbs 11:17 "The merciful man doeth good to his own soul: but he that is cruel troubleth his own flesh."
Aspect5, Proverbs 11:21 "Though hand join in hand, the wicked shall not be unpunished: but the seed of the righteous shall be delivered."
Aspect5, Proverbs 11:22 "As a jewel of gold in a swine's snout, so is a fair woman which is without discretion."
Aspect5, Proverbs 12:8 "A man shall be commended according to his wisdom: but he that is of a perverse heart shall be despised."
Aspect5, Proverbs 12:24 "The hand of the diligent shall bear rule: but the slothful shall be under tribute."
Aspect5, Proverbs 13:11 "Wealth gotten by vanity shall be diminished: but he that gathereth by labour shall increase."
Aspect5, Proverbs 15:4 "A wholesome tongue is a tree of life: but perverseness therein is a breach in the spirit."
Aspect5, Proverbs 15:7 "The lips of the wise disperse knowledge: but the heart of the foolish doeth not so."
Aspect5, Proverbs 15:30 "The light of the eyes rejoiceth the heart: and a good report maketh the bones fat."
Aspect5, Proverbs 16:5 "Every one that is proud in heart is an abomination to the LORD: though hand join in hand, he shall not be unpunished."
Aspect5, Proverbs 16:16 "How much better is it to get wisdom than gold! and to get understanding rather to be chosen than silver!"
Aspect5, Proverbs 18:5 "It is not good to accept the person of the wicked, to overthrow the righteous in judgment."
Aspect5, Proverbs 18:20 "A man's belly shall be satisfied with the fruit of his mouth; and with the increase of his lips shall he be filled."
Aspect5, Proverbs 19:15 "Slothfulness casteth into a deep sleep; and an idle soul shall suffer hunger."
Aspect5, Proverbs 21:16 "The man that wandereth out of the way of understanding shall remain in the congregation of the dead."
Aspect5, Proverbs 21:17 "He that loveth pleasure shall be a poor man: he that loveth wine and oil shall not be rich."
Aspect5, Proverbs 23:3 "Be not desirous of his dainties: for they are deceitful meat."
Aspect5, Proverbs 24:14 "So shall the knowledge of wisdom be unto thy soul: when thou hast found it, then there shall be a reward, and thy expectation shall not be cut off."
Aspect5, Proverbs 24:15 "Lay not wait, O wicked man, against the dwelling of the righteous; spoil not his resting place:"
Aspect5, Proverbs 25:11 "A word fitly spoken is like apples of gold in pictures of silver."
Aspect5, Proverbs 25:14 "Whoso boasteth himself of a false gift is like clouds and wind without rain."
Aspect5, Proverbs 25:19 "Confidence in an unfaithful man in time of trouble is like a broken tooth, and a foot out of joint."
Aspect5, Proverbs 25:23 "The north wind driveth away rain: so doth an angry countenance a backbiting tongue."
Aspect5, Proverbs 26:9 "As a thorn goeth up into the hand of a drunkard, so is a parable in the mouths of fools."
Aspect5, Proverbs 27:16 "Whosoever hideth her hideth the wind, and the ointment of his right hand, which bewrayeth itself."
Aspect5, Proverbs 28:13 "He that covereth his sins shall not prosper: but whoso confesseth and forsaketh them shall have mercy."
Aspect5, Proverbs 28:17 "A man that doeth violence to the blood of any person shall flee to the pit; let no man stay him."
Aspect5, Proverbs 28:27 "He that giveth unto the poor shall not lack: but he that hideth his eyes shall have many a curse."
Aspect5, Proverbs 28:28 "When the wicked rise, men hide themselves: but when they perish, the righteous increase."
Aspect5, Proverbs 30:3 "I neither learned wisdom, nor have the knowledge of the holy."
Aspect5, Proverbs 30:13 "There is a generation, O how lofty are their eyes! and their eyelids are lifted up."
Aspect5, Proverbs 30:26 "The conies are but a feeble folk, yet make they their houses in the rocks;"
Aspect5, Proverbs 31:17 "She girdeth her loins with strength, and strengtheneth her arms."
Aspect5, Ecclesiastes 1:4 "One generation passeth away, and another generation cometh: but the earth abideth for ever."
Aspect5, Ecclesiastes 2:24 "There is nothing better for a man, than that he should eat and drink, and that he should make his soul enjoy good in his labour. This also I saw, that it was from the hand of God."
Aspect5, Ecclesiastes 3:2 "A time to be born, and a time to die; a time to plant, and a time to pluck up that which is planted;"
Aspect5, Ecclesiastes 3:5 "A time to cast away stones, and a time to gather stones together; a time to embrace, and a time to refrain from embracing;"
Aspect5, Ecclesiastes 3:6 "A time to get, and a time to lose; a time to keep, and a time to cast away;"
Aspect5, Ecclesiastes 3:8 "A time to love, and a time to hate; a time of war, and a time of peace."
Aspect5, Ecclesiastes 7:28 "Which yet my soul seeketh, but I find not: one man among a thousand have I found; but a woman among all those have I not found."
Aspect5, Ecclesiastes 8:5 "Whoso keepeth the commandment shall feel no evil thing: and a wise man's heart discerneth both time and judgment."
Aspect5, Ecclesiastes 8:7 "For he knoweth not that which shall be: for who can tell him when it shall be?"
Aspect5, Ecclesiastes 8:16 "When I applied mine heart to know wisdom, and to see the business that is done upon the earth: (for also there is that neither day nor night seeth sleep with his eyes:)"
Aspect5, Ecclesiastes 9:8 "Let thy garments be always white; and let thy head lack no ointment."
Aspect5, Ecclesiastes 9:10 "Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might; for there is no work, nor device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom, in the grave, whither thou goest."
Aspect5, Ecclesiastes 9:11 "I returned, and saw under the sun, that the race is not to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, neither yet bread to the wise, nor yet riches to men of understanding, nor yet favour to men of skill; but time and chance happeneth to them all."
Aspect5, Ecclesiastes 9:15 "Now there was found in it a poor wise man, and he by his wisdom delivered the city; yet no man remembered that same poor man."
Aspect5, Ecclesiastes 10:6 "Folly is set in great dignity, and the rich sit in low place."
Aspect5, Ecclesiastes 11:6 "In the morning sow thy seed, and in the evening withhold not thine hand: for thou knowest not whether shall prosper, either this or that, or whether they both shall be alike good."
Aspect5, Ecclesiastes 12:2 "While the sun, or the light, or the moon, or the stars, be not darkened, nor the clouds return after the rain:"
Aspect5, Song of Solomon 2:2 "As the lily among thorns, so is my love among the daughters."
Aspect5, Song of Solomon 2:6 "His left hand is under my head, and his right hand doth embrace me."
Aspect5, Song of Solomon 3:1 "By night on my bed I sought him whom my soul loveth: I sought him, but I found him not."
Aspect5, Song of Solomon 3:4 "It was but a little that I passed from them, but I found him whom my soul loveth: I held him, and would not let him go, until I had brought him into my mother's house, and into the chamber of her that conceived me."
Aspect5, Song of Solomon 4:3 "Thy lips are like a thread of scarlet, and thy speech is comely: thy temples are like a piece of a pomegranate within thy locks."
Aspect5, Song of Solomon 5:4 "My beloved put in his hand by the hole of the door, and my bowels were moved for him."
Aspect5, Song of Solomon 5:10 "My beloved is white and ruddy, the chiefest among ten thousand."
Aspect5, Song of Solomon 8:3 "His left hand should be under my head, and his right hand should embrace me."
Aspect5, Song of Solomon 8:10 "I am a wall, and my breasts like towers: then was I in his eyes as one that found favour."
Aspect5, Isaiah 1:6 "From the sole of the foot even unto the head there is no soundness in it; but wounds, and bruises, and putrifying sores: they have not been closed, neither bound up, neither mollified with ointment."
Aspect5, Isaiah 1:25 "And I will turn my hand upon thee, and purely purge away thy dross, and take away all thy tin:"
Aspect5, Isaiah 3:26 "And her gates shall lament and mourn; and she being desolate shall sit upon the ground."
Aspect5, Isaiah 4:6 "And there shall be a tabernacle for a shadow in the day time from the heat, and for a place of refuge, and for a covert from storm and from rain."
Aspect5, Isaiah 5:10 "Yea, ten acres of vineyard shall yield one bath, and the seed of an homer shall yield an ephah."
Aspect5, Isaiah 5:15 "And the mean man shall be brought down, and the mighty man shall be humbled, and the eyes of the lofty shall be humbled:"
Aspect5, Isaiah 6:6 "Then flew one of the seraphims unto me, having a live coal in his hand, which he had taken with the tongs from off the altar:"
Aspect5, Isaiah 6:10 "Make the heart of this people fat, and make their ears heavy, and shut their eyes; lest they see with their eyes, and hear with their ears, and understand with their heart, and convert, and be healed."
Aspect5, Isaiah 9:12 "The Syrians before, and the Philistines behind; and they shall devour Israel with open mouth. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still."
Aspect5, Isaiah 9:21 "Manasseh, Ephraim; and Ephraim, Manasseh: and they together shall be against Judah. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still."
Aspect5, Isaiah 10:10 "As my hand hath found the kingdoms of the idols, and whose graven images did excel them of Jerusalem and of Samaria;"
Aspect5, Isaiah 10:13 "For he saith, By the strength of my hand I have done it, and by my wisdom; for I am prudent: and I have removed the bounds of the people, and have robbed their treasures, and I have put down the inhabitants like a valiant man:"
Aspect5, Isaiah 10:32 "As yet shall he remain at Nob that day: he shall shake his hand against the mount of the daughter of Zion, the hill of Jerusalem."
Aspect5, Isaiah 13:17 "Behold, I will stir up the Medes against them, which shall not regard silver; and as for gold, they shall not delight in it."
Aspect5, Isaiah 13:20 "It shall never be inhabited, neither shall it be dwelt in from generation to generation: neither shall the Arabian pitch tent there; neither shall the shepherds make their fold there."
Aspect5, Isaiah 18:6 "They shall be left together unto the fowls of the mountains, and to the beasts of the earth: and the fowls shall summer upon them, and all the beasts of the earth shall winter upon them."
Aspect5, Isaiah 19:1 "The burden of Egypt. Behold, the LORD rideth upon a swift cloud, and shall come into Egypt: and the idols of Egypt shall be moved at his presence, and the heart of Egypt shall melt in the midst of it."
Aspect5, Isaiah 19:16 "In that day shall Egypt be like unto women: and it shall be afraid and fear because of the shaking of the hand of the LORD of hosts, which he shaketh over it."
Aspect5, Isaiah 20:4 "So shall the king of Assyria lead away the Egyptians prisoners, and the Ethiopians captives, young and old, naked and barefoot, even with their buttocks uncovered, to the shame of Egypt."
Aspect5, Isaiah 20:5 "And they shall be afraid and ashamed of Ethiopia their expectation, and of Egypt their glory."
Aspect5, Isaiah 22:3 "All thy rulers are fled together, they are bound by the archers: all that are found in thee are bound together, which have fled from far."
Aspect5, Isaiah 23:10 "Pass through thy land as a river, O daughter of Tarshish: there is no more strength."
Aspect5, Isaiah 27:7 "Hath he smitten him, as he smote those that smote him? or is he slain according to the slaughter of them that are slain by him?"
Aspect5, Isaiah 28:24 "Doth the plowman plow all day to sow? doth he open and break the clods of his ground?"
Aspect5, Isaiah 29:4 "And thou shalt be brought down, and shalt speak out of the ground, and thy speech shall be low out of the dust, and thy voice shall be, as of one that hath a familiar spirit, out of the ground, and thy speech shall whisper out of the dust."
Aspect5, Isaiah 30:20 "And though the Lord give you the bread of adversity, and the water of affliction, yet shall not thy teachers be removed into a corner any more, but thine eyes shall see thy teachers:"
Aspect5, Isaiah 30:23 "Then shall he give the rain of thy seed, that thou shalt sow the ground withal; and bread of the increase of the earth, and it shall be fat and plenteous: in that day shall thy cattle feed in large pastures."
Aspect5, Isaiah 32:19 "When it shall hail, coming down on the forest; and the city shall be low in a low place."
Aspect5, Isaiah 34:17 "And he hath cast the lot for them, and his hand hath divided it unto them by line: they shall possess it for ever, from generation to generation shall they dwell therein."
Aspect5, Isaiah 35:10 "And the ransomed of the LORD shall return, and come to Zion with songs and everlasting joy upon their heads: they shall obtain joy and gladness, and sorrow and sighing shall flee away."
Aspect5, Isaiah 36:17 "Until I come and take you away to a land like your own land, a land of corn and wine, a land of bread and vineyards."
Aspect5, Isaiah 36:20 "Who are they among all the gods of these lands, that have delivered their land out of my hand, that the LORD should deliver Jerusalem out of my hand?"
Aspect5, Isaiah 40:12 "Who hath measured the waters in the hollow of his hand, and meted out heaven with the span, and comprehended the dust of the earth in a measure, and weighed the mountains in scales, and the hills in a balance?"
Aspect5, Isaiah 40:22 "It is he that sitteth upon the circle of the earth, and the inhabitants thereof are as grasshoppers; that stretcheth out the heavens as a curtain, and spreadeth them out as a tent to dwell in:"
Aspect5, Isaiah 40:23 "That bringeth the princes to nothing; he maketh the judges of the earth as vanity."
Aspect5, Isaiah 41:29 "Behold, they are all vanity; their works are nothing: their molten images are wind and confusion."
Aspect5, Isaiah 42:15 "I will make waste mountains and hills, and dry up all their herbs; and I will make the rivers islands, and I will dry up the pools."
Aspect5, Isaiah 47:1 "Come down, and sit in the dust, O virgin daughter of Babylon, sit on the ground: there is no throne, O daughter of the Chaldeans: for thou shalt no more be called tender and delicate."
Aspect5, Isaiah 49:11 "And I will make all my mountains a way, and my highways shall be exalted."
Aspect5, Isaiah 50:3 "I clothe the heavens with blackness, and I make sackcloth their covering."
Aspect5, Isaiah 51:6 "Lift up your eyes to the heavens, and look upon the earth beneath: for the heavens shall vanish away like smoke, and the earth shall wax old like a garment, and they that dwell therein shall die in like manner: but my salvation shall be for ever, and my righteousness shall not be abolished."
Aspect5, Isaiah 52:2 "Shake thyself from the dust; arise, and sit down, O Jerusalem: loose thyself from the bands of thy neck, O captive daughter of Zion."
Aspect5, Isaiah 54:3 "For thou shalt break forth on the right hand and on the left; and thy seed shall inherit the Gentiles, and make the desolate cities to be inhabited."
Aspect5, Isaiah 55:3 "Incline your ear, and come unto me: hear, and your soul shall live; and I will make an everlasting covenant with you, even the sure mercies of David."
Aspect5, Isaiah 58:13 "If thou turn away thy foot from the sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day; and call the sabbath a delight, the holy of the LORD, honourable; and shalt honour him, not doing thine own ways, nor finding thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words:"
Aspect5, Isaiah 59:9 "Therefore is judgment far from us, neither doth justice overtake us: we wait for light, but behold obscurity; for brightness, but we walk in darkness."
Aspect5, Isaiah 60:8 "Who are these that fly as a cloud, and as the doves to their windows?"
Aspect5, Isaiah 61:4 "And they shall build the old wastes, they shall raise up the former desolations, and they shall repair the waste cities, the desolations of many generations."
Aspect5, Isaiah 63:12 "That led them by the right hand of Moses with his glorious arm, dividing the water before them, to make himself an everlasting name?"
Aspect5, Jeremiah 2:34 "Also in thy skirts is found the blood of the souls of the poor innocents: I have not found it by secret search, but upon all these."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 3:15 "And I will give you pastors according to mine heart, which shall feed you with knowledge and understanding."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 4:7 "The lion is come up from his thicket, and the destroyer of the Gentiles is on his way; he is gone forth from his place to make thy land desolate; and thy cities shall be laid waste, without an inhabitant."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 7:22 "For I spake not unto your fathers, nor commanded them in the day that I brought them out of the land of Egypt, concerning burnt offerings or sacrifices:"
Aspect5, Jeremiah 7:33 "And the carcases of this people shall be meat for the fowls of the heaven, and for the beasts of the earth; and none shall fray them away."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 9:11 "And I will make Jerusalem heaps, and a den of dragons; and I will make the cities of Judah desolate, without an inhabitant."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 10:15 "They are vanity, and the work of errors: in the time of their visitation they shall perish."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 10:22 "Behold, the noise of the bruit is come, and a great commotion out of the north country, to make the cities of Judah desolate, and a den of dragons."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 14:3 "And their nobles have sent their little ones to the waters: they came to the pits, and found no water; they returned with their vessels empty; they were ashamed and confounded, and covered their heads."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 14:4 "Because the ground is chapt, for there was no rain in the earth, the plowmen were ashamed, they covered their heads."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 15:14 "And I will make thee to pass with thine enemies into a land which thou knowest not: for a fire is kindled in mine anger, which shall burn upon you."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 16:4 "They shall die of grievous deaths; they shall not be lamented; neither shall they be buried; but they shall be as dung upon the face of the earth: and they shall be consumed by the sword, and by famine; and their carcases shall be meat for the fowls of heaven, and for the beasts of the earth."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 16:6 "Both the great and the small shall die in this land: they shall not be buried, neither shall men lament for them, nor cut themselves, nor make themselves bald for them:"
Aspect5, Jeremiah 16:17 "For mine eyes are upon all their ways: they are not hid from my face, neither is their iniquity hid from mine eyes."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 16:20 "Shall a man make gods unto himself, and they are no gods?"
Aspect5, Jeremiah 18:4 "And the vessel that he made of clay was marred in the hand of the potter: so he made it again another vessel, as seemed good to the potter to make it."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 21:7 "And afterward, saith the LORD, I will deliver Zedekiah king of Judah, and his servants, and the people, and such as are left in this city from the pestilence, from the sword, and from the famine, into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, and into the hand of their enemies, and into the hand of those that seek their life: and he shall smite them with the edge of the sword; he shall not spare them, neither have pity, nor have mercy."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 22:25 "And I will give thee into the hand of them that seek thy life, and into the hand of them whose face thou fearest, even into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, and into the hand of the Chaldeans."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 25:11 "And this whole land shall be a desolation, and an astonishment; and these nations shall serve the king of Babylon seventy years."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 25:18 "To wit, Jerusalem, and the cities of Judah, and the kings thereof, and the princes thereof, to make them a desolation, an astonishment, an hissing, and a curse; as it is this day;"
Aspect5, Jeremiah 26:6 "Then will I make this house like Shiloh, and will make this city a curse to all the nations of the earth."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 26:23 "And they fetched forth Urijah out of Egypt, and brought him unto Jehoiakim the king; who slew him with the sword, and cast his dead body into the graves of the common people."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 27:8 "And it shall come to pass, that the nation and kingdom which will not serve the same Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon, and that will not put their neck under the yoke of the king of Babylon, that nation will I punish, saith the LORD, with the sword, and with the famine, and with the pestilence, until I have consumed them by his hand."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 27:17 "Hearken not unto them; serve the king of Babylon, and live: wherefore should this city be laid waste?"
Aspect5, Jeremiah 30:19 "And out of them shall proceed thanksgiving and the voice of them that make merry: and I will multiply them, and they shall not be few; I will also glorify them, and they shall not be small."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 32:4 "And Zedekiah king of Judah shall not escape out of the hand of the Chaldeans, but shall surely be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon, and shall speak with him mouth to mouth, and his eyes shall behold his eyes;"
Aspect5, Jeremiah 32:21 "And hast brought forth thy people Israel out of the land of Egypt with signs, and with wonders, and with a strong hand, and with a stretched out arm, and with great terror;"
Aspect5, Jeremiah 32:28 "Therefore thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will give this city into the hand of the Chaldeans, and into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, and he shall take it:"
Aspect5, Jeremiah 33:15 "In those days, and at that time, will I cause the Branch of righteousness to grow up unto David; and he shall execute judgment and righteousness in the land."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 33:22 "As the host of heaven cannot be numbered, neither the sand of the sea measured: so will I multiply the seed of David my servant, and the Levites that minister unto me."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 34:20 "I will even give them into the hand of their enemies, and into the hand of them that seek their life: and their dead bodies shall be for meat unto the fowls of the heaven, and to the beasts of the earth."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 34:21 "And Zedekiah king of Judah and his princes will I give into the hand of their enemies, and into the hand of them that seek their life, and into the hand of the king of Babylon's army, which are gone up from you."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 38:2 "Thus saith the LORD, He that remaineth in this city shall die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence: but he that goeth forth to the Chaldeans shall live; for he shall have his life for a prey, and shall live."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 38:5 "Then Zedekiah the king said, Behold, he is in your hand: for the king is not he that can do any thing against you."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 38:9 "My lord the king, these men have done evil in all that they have done to Jeremiah the prophet, whom they have cast into the dungeon; and he is like to die for hunger in the place where he is: for there is no more bread in the city."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 39:7 "Moreover he put out Zedekiah's eyes, and bound him with chains, to carry him to Babylon."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 41:8 "But ten men were found among them that said unto Ishmael, Slay us not: for we have treasures in the field, of wheat, and of barley, and of oil, and of honey. So he forbare, and slew them not among their brethren."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 44:30 "Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will give Pharaohhophra king of Egypt into the hand of his enemies, and into the hand of them that seek his life; as I gave Zedekiah king of Judah into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, his enemy, and that sought his life."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 46:2 "Against Egypt, against the army of Pharaohnecho king of Egypt, which was by the river Euphrates in Carchemish, which Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon smote in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 46:17 "They did cry there, Pharaoh king of Egypt is but a noise; he hath passed the time appointed."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 46:24 "The daughter of Egypt shall be confounded; she shall be delivered into the hand of the people of the north."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 46:26 "And I will deliver them into the hand of those that seek their lives, and into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, and into the hand of his servants: and afterward it shall be inhabited, as in the days of old, saith the LORD."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 50:44 "Behold, he shall come up like a lion from the swelling of Jordan unto the habitation of the strong: but I will make them suddenly run away from her: and who is a chosen man, that I may appoint over her? for who is like me? and who will appoint me the time? and who is that shepherd that will stand before me?"
Aspect5, Jeremiah 51:18 "They are vanity, the work of errors: in the time of their visitation they shall perish."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 51:35 "The violence done to me and to my flesh be upon Babylon, shall the inhabitant of Zion say; and my blood upon the inhabitants of Chaldea, shall Jerusalem say."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 51:57 "And I will make drunk her princes, and her wise men, her captains, and her rulers, and her mighty men: and they shall sleep a perpetual sleep, and not wake, saith the King, whose name is the LORD of hosts."
Aspect5, Jeremiah 52:19 "And the basons, and the firepans, and the bowls, and the caldrons, and the candlesticks, and the spoons, and the cups; that which was of gold in gold, and that which was of silver in silver, took the captain of the guard away."
Aspect5, Lamentations 2:10 "The elders of the daughter of Zion sit upon the ground, and keep silence: they have cast up dust upon their heads; they have girded themselves with sackcloth: the virgins of Jerusalem hang down their heads to the ground."
Aspect5, Lamentations 5:6 "We have given the hand to the Egyptians, and to the Assyrians, to be satisfied with bread."
Aspect5, Lamentations 5:12 "Princes are hanged up by their hand: the faces of elders were not honoured."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 1:22 "And the likeness of the firmament upon the heads of the living creature was as the colour of the terrible crystal, stretched forth over their heads above."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 1:26 "And above the firmament that was over their heads was the likeness of a throne, as the appearance of a sapphire stone: and upon the likeness of the throne was the likeness as the appearance of a man above upon it."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 2:9 "And when I looked, behold, an hand was sent unto me; and, lo, a roll of a book was therein;"
Aspect5, Ezekiel 6:14 "So will I stretch out my hand upon them, and make the land desolate, yea, more desolate than the wilderness toward Diblath, in all their habitations: and they shall know that I am the LORD."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 7:19 "They shall cast their silver in the streets, and their gold shall be removed: their silver and their gold shall not be able to deliver them in the day of the wrath of the LORD: they shall not satisfy their souls, neither fill their bowels: because it is the stumblingblock of their iniquity."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 10:1 "Then I looked, and, behold, in the firmament that was above the head of the cherubims there appeared over them as it were a sapphire stone, as the appearance of the likeness of a throne."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 10:8 "And there appeared in the cherubims the form of a man's hand under their wings."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 11:11 "This city shall not be your caldron, neither shall ye be the flesh in the midst thereof; but I will judge you in the border of Israel:"
Aspect5, Ezekiel 13:9 "And mine hand shall be upon the prophets that see vanity, and that divine lies: they shall not be in the assembly of my people, neither shall they be written in the writing of the house of Israel, neither shall they enter into the land of Israel; and ye shall know that I am the Lord GOD."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 16:46 "And thine elder sister is Samaria, she and her daughters that dwell at thy left hand: and thy younger sister, that dwelleth at thy right hand, is Sodom and her daughters."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 16:49 "Behold, this was the iniquity of thy sister Sodom, pride, fulness of bread, and abundance of idleness was in her and in her daughters, neither did she strengthen the hand of the poor and needy."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 16:55 "When thy sisters, Sodom and her daughters, shall return to their former estate, and Samaria and her daughters shall return to their former estate, then thou and thy daughters shall return to your former estate."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 17:6 "And it grew, and became a spreading vine of low stature, whose branches turned toward him, and the roots thereof were under him: so it became a vine, and brought forth branches, and shot forth sprigs."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 17:17 "Neither shall Pharaoh with his mighty army and great company make for him in the war, by casting up mounts, and building forts, to cut off many persons:"
Aspect5, Ezekiel 18:24 "But when the righteous turneth away from his righteousness, and committeth iniquity, and doeth according to all the abominations that the wicked man doeth, shall he live? All his righteousness that he hath done shall not be mentioned: in his trespass that he hath trespassed, and in his sin that he hath sinned, in them shall he die."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 20:8 "But they rebelled against me, and would not hearken unto me: they did not every man cast away the abominations of their eyes, neither did they forsake the idols of Egypt: then I said, I will pour out my fury upon them, to accomplish my anger against them in the midst of the land of Egypt."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 20:9 "But I wrought for my name's sake, that it should not be polluted before the heathen, among whom they were, in whose sight I made myself known unto them, in bringing them forth out of the land of Egypt."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 20:14 "But I wrought for my name's sake, that it should not be polluted before the heathen, in whose sight I brought them out."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 20:22 "Nevertheless I withdrew mine hand, and wrought for my name's sake, that it should not be polluted in the sight of the heathen, in whose sight I brought them forth."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 20:23 "I lifted up mine hand unto them also in the wilderness, that I would scatter them among the heathen, and disperse them through the countries;"
Aspect5, Ezekiel 23:8 "Neither left she her whoredoms brought from Egypt: for in her youth they lay with her, and they bruised the breasts of her virginity, and poured their whoredom upon her."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 23:20 "For she doted upon their paramours, whose flesh is as the flesh of asses, and whose issue is like the issue of horses."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 23:27 "Thus will I make thy lewdness to cease from thee, and thy whoredom brought from the land of Egypt: so that thou shalt not lift up thine eyes unto them, nor remember Egypt any more."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 26:9 "And he shall set engines of war against thy walls, and with his axes he shall break down thy towers."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 26:10 "By reason of the abundance of his horses their dust shall cover thee: thy walls shall shake at the noise of the horsemen, and of the wheels, and of the chariots, when he shall enter into thy gates, as men enter into a city wherein is made a breach."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 27:28 "The suburbs shall shake at the sound of the cry of thy pilots."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 29:11 "No foot of man shall pass through it, nor foot of beast shall pass through it, neither shall it be inhabited forty years."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 29:12 "And I will make the land of Egypt desolate in the midst of the countries that are desolate, and her cities among the cities that are laid waste shall be desolate forty years: and I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations, and will disperse them through the countries."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 30:12 "And I will make the rivers dry, and sell the land into the hand of the wicked: and I will make the land waste, and all that is therein, by the hand of strangers: I the LORD have spoken it."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 30:25 "But I will strengthen the arms of the king of Babylon, and the arms of Pharaoh shall fall down; and they shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall put my sword into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall stretch it out upon the land of Egypt."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 32:5 "And I will lay thy flesh upon the mountains, and fill the valleys with thy height."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 32:23 "Whose graves are set in the sides of the pit, and her company is round about her grave: all of them slain, fallen by the sword, which caused terror in the land of the living."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 33:28 "For I will lay the land most desolate, and the pomp of her strength shall cease; and the mountains of Israel shall be desolate, that none shall pass through."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 34:14 "I will feed them in a good pasture, and upon the high mountains of Israel shall their fold be: there shall they lie in a good fold, and in a fat pasture shall they feed upon the mountains of Israel."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 34:27 "And the tree of the field shall yield her fruit, and the earth shall yield her increase, and they shall be safe in their land, and shall know that I am the LORD, when I have broken the bands of their yoke, and delivered them out of the hand of those that served themselves of them."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 34:29 "And I will raise up for them a plant of renown, and they shall be no more consumed with hunger in the land, neither bear the shame of the heathen any more."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 36:8 "But ye, O mountains of Israel, ye shall shoot forth your branches, and yield your fruit to my people of Israel; for they are at hand to come."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 36:19 "And I scattered them among the heathen, and they were dispersed through the countries: according to their way and according to their doings I judged them."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 37:22 "And I will make them one nation in the land upon the mountains of Israel; and one king shall be king to them all: and they shall be no more two nations, neither shall they be divided into two kingdoms any more at all."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 39:3 "And I will smite thy bow out of thy left hand, and will cause thine arrows to fall out of thy right hand."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 39:7 "So will I make my holy name known in the midst of my people Israel; and I will not let them pollute my holy name any more: and the heathen shall know that I am the LORD, the Holy One in Israel."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 39:21 "And I will set my glory among the heathen, and all the heathen shall see my judgment that I have executed, and my hand that I have laid upon them."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 40:3 "And he brought me thither, and, behold, there was a man, whose appearance was like the appearance of brass, with a line of flax in his hand, and a measuring reed; and he stood in the gate."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 40:5 "And behold a wall on the outside of the house round about, and in the man's hand a measuring reed of six cubits long by the cubit and an hand breadth: so he measured the breadth of the building, one reed; and the height, one reed."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 40:43 "And within were hooks, an hand broad, fastened round about: and upon the tables was the flesh of the offering."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 42:14 "When the priests enter therein, then shall they not go out of the holy place into the utter court, but there they shall lay their garments wherein they minister; for they are holy; and shall put on other garments, and shall approach to those things which are for the people."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 44:14 "But I will make them keepers of the charge of the house, for all the service thereof, and for all that shall be done therein."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 44:16 "They shall enter into my sanctuary, and they shall come near to my table, to minister unto me, and they shall keep my charge."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 44:20 "Neither shall they shave their heads, nor suffer their locks to grow long; they shall only poll their heads."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 44:21 "Neither shall any priest drink wine, when they enter into the inner court."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 44:28 "And it shall be unto them for an inheritance: I am their inheritance: and ye shall give them no possession in Israel: I am their possession."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 44:29 "They shall eat the meat offering, and the sin offering, and the trespass offering: and every dedicated thing in Israel shall be theirs."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 45:1 "Moreover, when ye shall divide by lot the land for inheritance, ye shall offer an oblation unto the LORD, an holy portion of the land: the length shall be the length of five and twenty thousand reeds, and the breadth shall be ten thousand. This shall be holy in all the borders thereof round about."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 45:4 "The holy portion of the land shall be for the priests the ministers of the sanctuary, which shall come near to minister unto the LORD: and it shall be a place for their houses, and an holy place for the sanctuary."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 46:5 "And the meat offering shall be an ephah for a ram, and the meat offering for the lambs as he shall be able to give, and an hin of oil to an ephah."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 46:7 "And he shall prepare a meat offering, an ephah for a bullock, and an ephah for a ram, and for the lambs according as his hand shall attain unto, and an hin of oil to an ephah."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 47:5 "Afterward he measured a thousand; and it was a river that I could not pass over: for the waters were risen, waters to swim in, a river that could not be passed over."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 47:12 "And by the river upon the bank thereof, on this side and on that side, shall grow all trees for meat, whose leaf shall not fade, neither shall the fruit thereof be consumed: it shall bring forth new fruit according to his months, because their waters they issued out of the sanctuary: and the fruit thereof shall be for meat, and the leaf thereof for medicine."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 48:9 "The oblation that ye shall offer unto the LORD shall be of five and twenty thousand in length, and of ten thousand in breadth."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 48:15 "And the five thousand, that are left in the breadth over against the five and twenty thousand, shall be a profane place for the city, for dwelling, and for suburbs: and the city shall be in the midst thereof."
Aspect5, Ezekiel 48:18 "And the residue in length over against the oblation of the holy portion shall be ten thousand eastward, and ten thousand westward: and it shall be over against the oblation of the holy portion; and the increase thereof shall be for food unto them that serve the city."
Aspect5, Daniel 1:15 "And at the end of ten days their countenances appeared fairer and fatter in flesh than all the children which did eat the portion of the king's meat."
Aspect5, Daniel 1:20 "And in all matters of wisdom and understanding, that the king enquired of them, he found them ten times better than all the magicians and astrologers that were in all his realm."
Aspect5, Daniel 2:11 "And it is a rare thing that the king requireth, and there is none other that can shew it before the king, except the gods, whose dwelling is not with flesh."
Aspect5, Daniel 2:25 "Then Arioch brought in Daniel before the king in haste, and said thus unto him, I have found a man of the captives of Judah, that will make known unto the king the interpretation."
Aspect5, Daniel 2:35 "Then was the iron, the clay, the brass, the silver, and the gold, broken to pieces together, and became like the chaff of the summer threshingfloors; and the wind carried them away, that no place was found for them: and the stone that smote the image became a great mountain, and filled the whole earth."
Aspect5, Daniel 3:27 "And the princes, governors, and captains, and the king's counsellors, being gathered together, saw these men, upon whose bodies the fire had no power, nor was an hair of their head singed, neither were their coats changed, nor the smell of fire had passed on them."
Aspect5, Daniel 4:20 "The tree that thou sawest, which grew, and was strong, whose height reached unto the heaven, and the sight thereof to all the earth;"
Aspect5, Daniel 4:33 "The same hour was the thing fulfilled upon Nebuchadnezzar: and he was driven from men, and did eat grass as oxen, and his body was wet with the dew of heaven, till his hairs were grown like eagles' feathers, and his nails like birds' claws."
Aspect5, Daniel 4:34 "And at the end of the days I Nebuchadnezzar lifted up mine eyes unto heaven, and mine understanding returned unto me, and I blessed the most High, and I praised and honoured him that liveth for ever, whose dominion is an everlasting dominion, and his kingdom is from generation to generation:"
Aspect5, Daniel 4:35 "And all the inhabitants of the earth are reputed as nothing: and he doeth according to his will in the army of heaven, and among the inhabitants of the earth: and none can stay his hand, or say unto him, What doest thou?"
Aspect5, Daniel 6:17 "And a stone was brought, and laid upon the mouth of the den; and the king sealed it with his own signet, and with the signet of his lords; that the purpose might not be changed concerning Daniel."
Aspect5, Daniel 7:24 "And the ten horns out of this kingdom are ten kings that shall arise: and another shall rise after them; and he shall be diverse from the first, and he shall subdue three kings."
Aspect5, Daniel 7:25 "And he shall speak great words against the most High, and shall wear out the saints of the most High, and think to change times and laws: and they shall be given into his hand until a time and times and the dividing of time."
Aspect5, Daniel 8:10 "And it waxed great, even to the host of heaven; and it cast down some of the host and of the stars to the ground, and stamped upon them."
Aspect5, Daniel 9:5 "We have sinned, and have committed iniquity, and have done wickedly, and have rebelled, even by departing from thy precepts and from thy judgments:"
Aspect5, Daniel 9:21 "Yea, whiles I was speaking in prayer, even the man Gabriel, whom I had seen in the vision at the beginning, being caused to fly swiftly, touched me about the time of the evening oblation."
Aspect5, Daniel 10:5 "Then I lifted up mine eyes, and looked, and behold a certain man clothed in linen, whose loins were girded with fine gold of Uphaz:"
Aspect5, Daniel 11:15 "So the king of the north shall come, and cast up a mount, and take the most fenced cities: and the arms of the south shall not withstand, neither his chosen people, neither shall there be any strength to withstand."
Aspect5, Daniel 11:35 "And some of them of understanding shall fall, to try them, and to purge, and to make them white, even to the time of the end: because it is yet for a time appointed."
Aspect5, Daniel 11:41 "He shall enter also into the glorious land, and many countries shall be overthrown: but these shall escape out of his hand, even Edom, and Moab, and the chief of the children of Ammon."
Aspect5, Daniel 12:5 "Then I Daniel looked, and, behold, there stood other two, the one on this side of the bank of the river, and the other on that side of the bank of the river."
Aspect5, Daniel 12:7 "And I heard the man clothed in linen, which was upon the waters of the river, when he held up his right hand and his left hand unto heaven, and sware by him that liveth for ever that it shall be for a time, times, and an half; and when he shall have accomplished to scatter the power of the holy people, all these things shall be finished."
Aspect5, Hosea 2:10 "And now will I discover her lewdness in the sight of her lovers, and none shall deliver her out of mine hand."
Aspect5, Hosea 2:17 "For I will take away the names of Baalim out of her mouth, and they shall no more be remembered by their name."
Aspect5, Hosea 5:2 "And the revolters are profound to make slaughter, though I have been a rebuker of them all."
Aspect5, Hosea 5:10 "The princes of Judah were like them that remove the bound: therefore I will pour out my wrath upon them like water."
Aspect5, Hosea 6:2 "After two days will he revive us: in the third day he will raise us up, and we shall live in his sight."
Aspect5, Hosea 6:10 "I have seen an horrible thing in the house of Israel: there is the whoredom of Ephraim, Israel is defiled."
Aspect5, Hosea 7:5 "In the day of our king the princes have made him sick with bottles of wine; he stretched out his hand with scorners."
Aspect5, Hosea 8:4 "They have set up kings, but not by me: they have made princes, and I knew it not: of their silver and their gold have they made them idols, that they may be cut off."
Aspect5, Hosea 8:7 "For they have sown the wind, and they shall reap the whirlwind: it hath no stalk; the bud shall yield no meal: if so be it yield, the strangers shall swallow it up."
Aspect5, Hosea 8:8 "Israel is swallowed up: now shall they be among the Gentiles as a vessel wherein is no pleasure."
Aspect5, Hosea 9:4 "They shall not offer wine offerings to the LORD, neither shall they be pleasing unto him: their sacrifices shall be unto them as the bread of mourners; all that eat thereof shall be polluted: for their bread for their soul shall not come into the house of the LORD."
Aspect5, Hosea 10:2 "Their heart is divided; now shall they be found faulty: he shall break down their altars, he shall spoil their images."
Aspect5, Hosea 10:12 "Sow to yourselves in righteousness, reap in mercy; break up your fallow ground: for it is time to seek the LORD, till he come and rain righteousness upon you."
Aspect5, Hosea 10:14 "Therefore shall a tumult arise among thy people, and all thy fortresses shall be spoiled, as Shalman spoiled Betharbel in the day of battle: the mother was dashed in pieces upon her children."
Aspect5, Hosea 11:4 "I drew them with cords of a man, with bands of love: and I was to them as they that take off the yoke on their jaws, and I laid meat unto them."
Aspect5, Hosea 12:7 "He is a merchant, the balances of deceit are in his hand: he loveth to oppress."
Aspect5, Joel 1:16 "Is not the meat cut off before our eyes, yea, joy and gladness from the house of our God?"
Aspect5, Joel 2:6 "Before their face the people shall be much pained: all faces shall gather blackness."
Aspect5, Joel 2:23 "Be glad then, ye children of Zion, and rejoice in the LORD your God: for he hath given you the former rain moderately, and he will cause to come down for you the rain, the former rain, and the latter rain in the first month."
Aspect5, Joel 3:20 "But Judah shall dwell for ever, and Jerusalem from generation to generation."
Aspect5, Amos 2:9 "Yet destroyed I the Amorite before them, whose height was like the height of the cedars, and he was strong as the oaks; yet I destroyed his fruit from above, and his roots from beneath."
Aspect5, Amos 5:22 "Though ye offer me burnt offerings and your meat offerings, I will not accept them: neither will I regard the peace offerings of your fat beasts."
Aspect5, Amos 9:2 "Though they dig into hell, thence shall mine hand take them; though they climb up to heaven, thence will I bring them down:"
Aspect5, Amos 9:5 "And the Lord GOD of hosts is he that toucheth the land, and it shall melt, and all that dwell therein shall mourn: and it shall rise up wholly like a flood; and shall be drowned, as by the flood of Egypt."
Aspect5, Obadiah 1:15 "For the day of the LORD is near upon all the heathen: as thou hast done, it shall be done unto thee: thy reward shall return upon thine own head."
Aspect5, Micah 1:4 "And the mountains shall be molten under him, and the valleys shall be cleft, as wax before the fire, and as the waters that are poured down a steep place."
Aspect5, Micah 4:12 "But they know not the thoughts of the LORD, neither understand they his counsel: for he shall gather them as the sheaves into the floor."
Aspect5, Micah 5:9 "Thine hand shall be lifted up upon thine adversaries, and all thine enemies shall be cut off."
Aspect5, Micah 6:7 "Will the LORD be pleased with thousands of rams, or with ten thousands of rivers of oil? shall I give my firstborn for my transgression, the fruit of my body for the sin of my soul?"
Aspect5, Nahum 2:1 "He that dasheth in pieces is come up before thy face: keep the munition, watch the way, make thy loins strong, fortify thy power mightily."
Aspect5, Nahum 2:7 "And Huzzab shall be led away captive, she shall be brought up, and her maids shall lead her as with the voice of doves, tabering upon their breasts."
Aspect5, Nahum 2:10 "She is empty, and void, and waste: and the heart melteth, and the knees smite together, and much pain is in all loins, and the faces of them all gather blackness."
Aspect5, Nahum 3:17 "Thy crowned are as the locusts, and thy captains as the great grasshoppers, which camp in the hedges in the cold day, but when the sun ariseth they flee away, and their place is not known where they are."
Aspect5, Habakkuk 3:17 "Although the fig tree shall not blossom, neither shall fruit be in the vines; the labour of the olive shall fail, and the fields shall yield no meat; the flock shall be cut off from the fold, and there shall be no herd in the stalls:"
Aspect5, Zephaniah 1:18 "Neither their silver nor their gold shall be able to deliver them in the day of the LORD's wrath; but the whole land shall be devoured by the fire of his jealousy: for he shall make even a speedy riddance of all them that dwell in the land."
Aspect5, Zephaniah 3:13 "The remnant of Israel shall not do iniquity, nor speak lies; neither shall a deceitful tongue be found in their mouth: for they shall feed and lie down, and none shall make them afraid."
Aspect5, Haggai 2:12 "If one bear holy flesh in the skirt of his garment, and with his skirt do touch bread, or pottage, or wine, or oil, or any meat, shall it be holy? And the priests answered and said, No."
Aspect5, Zechariah 2:1 "I lifted up mine eyes again, and looked, and behold a man with a measuring line in his hand."
Aspect5, Zechariah 6:3 "And in the third chariot white horses; and in the fourth chariot grisled and bay horses."
Aspect5, Zechariah 7:11 "But they refused to hearken, and pulled away the shoulder, and stopped their ears, that they should not hear."
Aspect5, Zechariah 8:12 "For the seed shall be prosperous; the vine shall give her fruit, and the ground shall give her increase, and the heavens shall give their dew; and I will cause the remnant of this people to possess all these things."
Aspect5, Zechariah 10:8 "I will hiss for them, and gather them; for I have redeemed them: and they shall increase as they have increased."
Aspect5, Zechariah 10:11 "And he shall pass through the sea with affliction, and shall smite the waves in the sea, and all the deeps of the river shall dry up: and the pride of Assyria shall be brought down, and the sceptre of Egypt shall depart away."
Aspect5, Zechariah 11:6 "For I will no more pity the inhabitants of the land, saith the LORD: but, lo, I will deliver the men every one into his neighbour's hand, and into the hand of his king: and they shall smite the land, and out of their hand I will not deliver them."
Aspect5, Zechariah 13:5 "But he shall say, I am no prophet, I am an husbandman; for man taught me to keep cattle from my youth."
Aspect5, Zechariah 14:12 "And this shall be the plague wherewith the LORD will smite all the people that have fought against Jerusalem; Their flesh shall consume away while they stand upon their feet, and their eyes shall consume away in their holes, and their tongue shall consume away in their mouth."
Aspect5, Zechariah 14:13 "And it shall come to pass in that day, that a great tumult from the LORD shall be among them; and they shall lay hold every one on the hand of his neighbour, and his hand shall rise up against the hand of his neighbour."
Aspect5, Malachi 3:3 "And he shall sit as a refiner and purifier of silver: and he shall purify the sons of Levi, and purge them as gold and silver, that they may offer unto the LORD an offering in righteousness."
Aspect5, Matthew 1:17 "So all the generations from Abraham to David are fourteen generations; and from David until the carrying away into Babylon are fourteen generations; and from the carrying away into Babylon unto Christ are fourteen generations."
Aspect5, Matthew 3:12 "Whose fan is in his hand, and he will throughly purge his floor, and gather his wheat into the garner; but he will burn up the chaff with unquenchable fire."
Aspect5, Matthew 4:17 "From that time Jesus began to preach, and to say, Repent: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand."
Aspect5, Matthew 6:3 "But when thou doest alms, let not thy left hand know what thy right hand doeth:"
Aspect5, Matthew 6:26 "Behold the fowls of the air: for they sow not, neither do they reap, nor gather into barns; yet your heavenly Father feedeth them. Are ye not much better than they?"
Aspect5, Matthew 8:15 "And he touched her hand, and the fever left her: and she arose, and ministered unto them."
Aspect5, Matthew 8:24 "And, behold, there arose a great tempest in the sea, insomuch that the ship was covered with the waves: but he was asleep."
Aspect5, Matthew 9:17 "Neither do men put new wine into old bottles: else the bottles break, and the wine runneth out, and the bottles perish: but they put new wine into new bottles, and both are preserved."
Aspect5, Matthew 10:10 "Nor scrip for your journey, neither two coats, neither shoes, nor yet staves: for the workman is worthy of his meat."
Aspect5, Matthew 11:23 "And thou, Capernaum, which art exalted unto heaven, shalt be brought down to hell: for if the mighty works, which have been done in thee, had been done in Sodom, it would have remained until this day."
Aspect5, Matthew 12:21 "And in his name shall the Gentiles trust."
Aspect5, Matthew 13:7 "And some fell among thorns; and the thorns sprung up, and choked them:"
Aspect5, Matthew 13:45 "Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto a merchant man, seeking goodly pearls:"
Aspect5, Matthew 14:7 "Whereupon he promised with an oath to give her whatsoever she would ask."
Aspect5, Matthew 16:4 "A wicked and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given unto it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas. And he left them, and departed."
Aspect5, Matthew 18:18 "Verily I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven: and whatsoever ye shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven."
Aspect5, Matthew 18:19 "Again I say unto you, That if two of you shall agree on earth as touching any thing that they shall ask, it shall be done for them of my Father which is in heaven."
Aspect5, Matthew 19:28 "And Jesus said unto them, Verily I say unto you, That ye which have followed me, in the regeneration when the Son of man shall sit in the throne of his glory, ye also shall sit upon twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel."
Aspect5, Matthew 21:19 "And when he saw a fig tree in the way, he came to it, and found nothing thereon, but leaves only, and said unto it, Let no fruit grow on thee henceforward for ever. And presently the fig tree withered away."
Aspect5, Matthew 24:12 "And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold."
Aspect5, Matthew 24:16 "Then let them which be in Judaea flee into the mountains:"
Aspect5, Matthew 24:25 "Behold, I have told you before."
Aspect5, Matthew 24:34 "Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not pass, till all these things be fulfilled."
Aspect5, Matthew 24:35 "Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away."
Aspect5, Matthew 25:33 "And he shall set the sheep on his right hand, but the goats on the left."
Aspect5, Matthew 26:46 "Rise, let us be going: behold, he is at hand that doth betray me."
Aspect5, Matthew 27:38 "Then were there two thieves crucified with him, one on the right hand, and another on the left."
Aspect5, Mark 3:1 "And he entered again into the synagogue; and there was a man there which had a withered hand."
Aspect5, Mark 3:5 "And when he had looked round about on them with anger, being grieved for the hardness of their hearts, he saith unto the man, Stretch forth thine hand. And he stretched it out: and his hand was restored whole as the other."
Aspect5, Mark 4:7 "And some fell among thorns, and the thorns grew up, and choked it, and it yielded no fruit."
Aspect5, Mark 4:27 "And should sleep, and rise night and day, and the seed should spring and grow up, he knoweth not how."
Aspect5, Mark 5:26 "And had suffered many things of many physicians, and had spent all that she had, and was nothing bettered, but rather grew worse,"
Aspect5, Mark 5:32 "And he looked round about to see her that had done this thing."
Aspect5, Mark 5:33 "But the woman fearing and trembling, knowing what was done in her, came and fell down before him, and told him all the truth."
Aspect5, Mark 6:39 "And he commanded them to make all sit down by companies upon the green grass."
Aspect5, Mark 8:8 "So they did eat, and were filled: and they took up of the broken meat that was left seven baskets."
Aspect5, Mark 8:14 "Now the disciples had forgotten to take bread, neither had they in the ship with them more than one loaf."
Aspect5, Mark 8:23 "And he took the blind man by the hand, and led him out of the town; and when he had spit on his eyes, and put his hands upon him, he asked him if he saw ought."
Aspect5, Mark 9:3 "And his raiment became shining, exceeding white as snow; so as no fuller on earth can white them."
Aspect5, Mark 9:27 "But Jesus took him by the hand, and lifted him up; and he arose."
Aspect5, Mark 10:8 "And they twain shall be one flesh: so then they are no more twain, but one flesh."
Aspect5, Mark 10:40 "But to sit on my right hand and on my left hand is not mine to give; but it shall be given to them for whom it is prepared."
Aspect5, Mark 12:25 "For when they shall rise from the dead, they neither marry, nor are given in marriage; but are as the angels which are in heaven."
Aspect5, Mark 12:33 "And to love him with all the heart, and with all the understanding, and with all the soul, and with all the strength, and to love his neighbour as himself, is more than all whole burnt offerings and sacrifices."
Aspect5, Mark 13:30 "Verily I say unto you, that this generation shall not pass, till all these things be done."
Aspect5, Mark 13:31 "Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away."
Aspect5, Mark 14:40 "And when he returned, he found them asleep again, (for their eyes were heavy,) neither wist they what to answer him."
Aspect5, Mark 14:52 "And he left the linen cloth, and fled from them naked."
Aspect5, Mark 15:25 "And it was the third hour, and they crucified him."
Aspect5, Mark 15:27 "And with him they crucify two thieves; the one on his right hand, and the other on his left."
Aspect5, Mark 16:5 "And entering into the sepulchre, they saw a young man sitting on the right side, clothed in a long white garment; and they were affrighted."
Aspect5, Mark 16:14 "Afterward he appeared unto the eleven as they sat at meat, and upbraided them with their unbelief and hardness of heart, because they believed not them which had seen him after he was risen."
Aspect5, Luke 1:1 "Forasmuch as many have taken in hand to set forth in order a declaration of those things which are most surely believed among us,"
Aspect5, Luke 1:15 "For he shall be great in the sight of the Lord, and shall drink neither wine nor strong drink; and he shall be filled with the Holy Ghost, even from his mother's womb."
Aspect5, Luke 1:50 "And his mercy is on them that fear him from generation to generation."
Aspect5, Luke 1:71 "That we should be saved from our enemies, and from the hand of all that hate us;"
Aspect5, Luke 3:17 "Whose fan is in his hand, and he will throughly purge his floor, and will gather the wheat into his garner; but the chaff he will burn with fire unquenchable."
Aspect5, Luke 4:17 "And there was delivered unto him the book of the prophet Esaias. And when he had opened the book, he found the place where it was written,"
Aspect5, Luke 4:27 "And many lepers were in Israel in the time of Eliseus the prophet; and none of them was cleansed, saving Naaman the Syrian."
Aspect5, Luke 6:8 "But he knew their thoughts, and said to the man which had the withered hand, Rise up, and stand forth in the midst. And he arose and stood forth."
Aspect5, Luke 6:10 "And looking round about upon them all, he said unto the man, Stretch forth thy hand. And he did so: and his hand was restored whole as the other."
Aspect5, Luke 7:37 "And, behold, a woman in the city, which was a sinner, when she knew that Jesus sat at meat in the Pharisee's house, brought an alabaster box of ointment,"
Aspect5, Luke 7:42 "And when they had nothing to pay, he frankly forgave them both. Tell me therefore, which of them will love him most?"
Aspect5, Luke 8:7 "And some fell among thorns; and the thorns sprang up with it, and choked it."
Aspect5, Luke 8:32 "And there was there an herd of many swine feeding on the mountain: and they besought him that he would suffer them to enter into them. And he suffered them."
Aspect5, Luke 8:55 "And her spirit came again, and she arose straightway: and he commanded to give her meat."
Aspect5, Luke 8:56 "And her parents were astonished: but he charged them that they should tell no man what was done."
Aspect5, Luke 9:15 "And they did so, and made them all sit down."
Aspect5, Luke 9:36 "And when the voice was past, Jesus was found alone. And they kept it close, and told no man in those days any of those things which they had seen."
Aspect5, Luke 12:2 "For there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed; neither hid, that shall not be known."
Aspect5, Luke 13:1 "There were present at that season some that told him of the Galilaeans, whose blood Pilate had mingled with their sacrifices."
Aspect5, Luke 14:5 "And answered them, saying, Which of you shall have an ass or an ox fallen into a pit, and will not straightway pull him out on the sabbath day?"
Aspect5, Luke 14:31 "Or what king, going to make war against another king, sitteth not down first, and consulteth whether he be able with ten thousand to meet him that cometh against him with twenty thousand?"
Aspect5, Luke 17:25 "But first must he suffer many things, and be rejected of this generation."
Aspect5, Luke 21:21 "Then let them which are in Judaea flee to the mountains; and let them which are in the midst of it depart out; and let not them that are in the countries enter thereinto."
Aspect5, Luke 21:32 "Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not pass away, till all be fulfilled."
Aspect5, Luke 21:33 "Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away."
Aspect5, Luke 22:21 "But, behold, the hand of him that betrayeth me is with me on the table."
Aspect5, Luke 22:27 "For whether is greater, he that sitteth at meat, or he that serveth? is not he that sitteth at meat? but I am among you as he that serveth."
Aspect5, Luke 23:11 "And Herod with his men of war set him at nought, and mocked him, and arrayed him in a gorgeous robe, and sent him again to Pilate."
Aspect5, Luke 24:2 "And they found the stone rolled away from the sepulchre."
Aspect5, Luke 24:33 "And they rose up the same hour, and returned to Jerusalem, and found the eleven gathered together, and them that were with them,"
Aspect5, Luke 24:35 "And they told what things were done in the way, and how he was known of them in breaking of bread."
Aspect5, John 1:13 "Which were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God."
Aspect5, John 3:4 "Nicodemus saith unto him, How can a man be born when he is old? can he enter the second time into his mother's womb, and be born?"
Aspect5, John 3:6 "That which is born of the flesh is flesh; and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit."
Aspect5, John 6:18 "And the sea arose by reason of a great wind that blew."
Aspect5, John 6:58 "This is that bread which came down from heaven: not as your fathers did eat manna, and are dead: he that eateth of this bread shall live for ever."
Aspect5, John 7:2 "Now the Jew's feast of tabernacles was at hand."
Aspect5, John 10:28 "And I give unto them eternal life; and they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand."
Aspect5, John 10:39 "Therefore they sought again to take him: but he escaped out of their hand,"
Aspect5, John 12:37 "But though he had done so many miracles before them, yet they believed not on him:"
Aspect5, John 12:46 "I am come a light into the world, that whosoever believeth on me should not abide in darkness."
Aspect5, John 14:23 "Jesus answered and said unto him, If a man love me, he will keep my words: and my Father will love him, and we will come unto him, and make our abode with him."
Aspect5, John 15:24 "If I had not done among them the works which none other man did, they had not had sin: but now have they both seen and hated both me and my Father."
Aspect5, John 19:25 "Now there stood by the cross of Jesus his mother, and his mother's sister, Mary the wife of Cleophas, and Mary Magdalene."
Aspect5, John 19:36 "For these things were done, that the scripture should be fulfilled, A bone of him shall not be broken."
Aspect5, John 20:9 "For as yet they knew not the scripture, that he must rise again from the dead."
Aspect5, John 20:11 "But Mary stood without at the sepulchre weeping: and as she wept, she stooped down, and looked into the sepulchre,"
Aspect5, Acts 2:30 "Therefore being a prophet, and knowing that God had sworn with an oath to him, that of the fruit of his loins, according to the flesh, he would raise up Christ to sit on his throne;"
Aspect5, Acts 2:35 "Until I make thy foes thy footstool."
Aspect5, Acts 4:28 "For to do whatsoever thy hand and thy counsel determined before to be done."
Aspect5, Acts 4:30 "By stretching forth thine hand to heal; and that signs and wonders may be done by the name of thy holy child Jesus."
Aspect5, Acts 4:34 "Neither was there any among them that lacked: for as many as were possessors of lands or houses sold them, and brought the prices of the things that were sold,"
Aspect5, Acts 9:8 "And Saul arose from the earth; and when his eyes were opened, he saw no man: but they led him by the hand, and brought him into Damascus."
Aspect5, Acts 9:18 "And immediately there fell from his eyes as it had been scales: and he received sight forthwith, and arose, and was baptized."
Aspect5, Acts 14:13 "Then the priest of Jupiter, which was before their city, brought oxen and garlands unto the gates, and would have done sacrifice with the people."
Aspect5, Acts 15:3 "And being brought on their way by the church, they passed through Phenice and Samaria, declaring the conversion of the Gentiles: and they caused great joy unto all the brethren."
Aspect5, Acts 16:23 "And when they had laid many stripes upon them, they cast them into prison, charging the jailor to keep them safely:"
Aspect5, Acts 17:6 "And when they found them not, they drew Jason and certain brethren unto the rulers of the city, crying, These that have turned the world upside down are come hither also;"
Aspect5, Acts 17:21 "(For all the Athenians and strangers which were there spent their time in nothing else, but either to tell, or to hear some new thing.)"
Aspect5, Acts 19:23 "And the same time there arose no small stir about that way."
Aspect5, Acts 19:33 "And they drew Alexander out of the multitude, the Jews putting him forward. And Alexander beckoned with the hand, and would have made his defence unto the people."
Aspect5, Acts 20:33 "I have coveted no man's silver, or gold, or apparel."
Aspect5, Acts 21:3 "Now when we had discovered Cyprus, we left it on the left hand, and sailed into Syria, and landed at Tyre: for there the ship was to unlade her burden."
Aspect5, Acts 21:33 "Then the chief captain came near, and took him, and commanded him to be bound with two chains; and demanded who he was, and what he had done."
Aspect5, Acts 24:12 "And they neither found me in the temple disputing with any man, neither raising up the people, neither in the synagogues, nor in the city:"
Aspect5, Romans 2:28 "For he is not a Jew, which is one outwardly; neither is that circumcision, which is outward in the flesh:"
Aspect5, Romans 3:20 "Therefore by the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in his sight: for by the law is the knowledge of sin."
Aspect5, Romans 5:6 "For when we were yet without strength, in due time Christ died for the ungodly."
Aspect5, Romans 5:7 "For scarcely for a righteous man will one die: yet peradventure for a good man some would even dare to die."
Aspect5, Romans 8:12 "Therefore, brethren, we are debtors, not to the flesh, to live after the flesh."
Aspect5, Romans 8:18 "For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us."
Aspect5, Romans 12:14 "Bless them which persecute you: bless, and curse not."
Aspect5, Romans 14:23 "And he that doubteth is damned if he eat, because he eateth not of faith: for whatsoever is not of faith is sin."
Aspect5, 1 Corinthians 3:15 "If any man's work shall be burned, he shall suffer loss: but he himself shall be saved; yet so as by fire."
Aspect5, 1 Corinthians 4:2 "Moreover it is required in stewards, that a man be found faithful."
Aspect5, 1 Corinthians 5:3 "For I verily, as absent in body, but present in spirit, have judged already, as though I were present, concerning him that hath so done this deed,"
Aspect5, 1 Corinthians 7:9 "But if they cannot contain, let them marry: for it is better to marry than to burn."
Aspect5, 1 Corinthians 8:5 "For though there be that are called gods, whether in heaven or in earth, (as there be gods many, and lords many,)"
Aspect5, 1 Corinthians 9:15 "But I have used none of these things: neither have I written these things, that it should be so done unto me: for it were better for me to die, than that any man should make my glorying void."
Aspect5, 1 Corinthians 10:17 "For we being many are one bread, and one body: for we are all partakers of that one bread."
Aspect5, 1 Corinthians 11:11 "Nevertheless neither is the man without the woman, neither the woman without the man, in the Lord."
Aspect5, 1 Corinthians 12:15 "If the foot shall say, Because I am not the hand, I am not of the body; is it therefore not of the body?"
Aspect5, 1 Corinthians 13:2 "And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, and have not charity, I am nothing."
Aspect5, 1 Corinthians 14:40 "Let all things be done decently and in order."
Aspect5, 1 Corinthians 15:6 "After that, he was seen of above five hundred brethren at once; of whom the greater part remain unto this present, but some are fallen asleep."
Aspect5, 1 Corinthians 16:21 "The salutation of me Paul with mine own hand."
Aspect5, 2 Corinthians 2:2 "For if I make you sorry, who is he then that maketh me glad, but the same which is made sorry by me?"
Aspect5, 2 Corinthians 3:11 "For if that which is done away was glorious, much more that which remaineth is glorious."
Aspect5, 2 Corinthians 5:3 "If so be that being clothed we shall not be found naked."
Aspect5, 2 Corinthians 5:15 "And that he died for all, that they which live should not henceforth live unto themselves, but unto him which died for them, and rose again."
Aspect5, 2 Corinthians 5:16 "Wherefore henceforth know we no man after the flesh: yea, though we have known Christ after the flesh, yet now henceforth know we him no more."
Aspect5, 2 Corinthians 10:3 "For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh:"
Aspect5, 2 Corinthians 11:6 "But though I be rude in speech, yet not in knowledge; but we have been throughly made manifest among you in all things."
Aspect5, 2 Corinthians 12:17 "Did I make a gain of you by any of them whom I sent unto you?"
Aspect5, 2 Corinthians 13:2 "I told you before, and foretell you, as if I were present, the second time; and being absent now I write to them which heretofore have sinned, and to all other, that, if I come again, I will not spare:"
Aspect5, Galatians 4:29 "But as then he that was born after the flesh persecuted him that was born after the Spirit, even so it is now."
Aspect5, Galatians 5:6 "For in Jesus Christ neither circumcision availeth any thing, nor uncircumcision; but faith which worketh by love."
Aspect5, Galatians 5:24 "And they that are Christ's have crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts."
Aspect5, Galatians 6:8 "For he that soweth to his flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption; but he that soweth to the Spirit shall of the Spirit reap life everlasting."
Aspect5, Ephesians 1:20 "Which he wrought in Christ, when he raised him from the dead, and set him at his own right hand in the heavenly places,"
Aspect5, Ephesians 5:4 "Neither filthiness, nor foolish talking, nor jesting, which are not convenient: but rather giving of thanks."
Aspect5, Ephesians 5:13 "But all things that are reproved are made manifest by the light: for whatsoever doth make manifest is light."
Aspect5, Ephesians 5:18 "And be not drunk with wine, wherein is excess; but be filled with the Spirit;"
Aspect5, Ephesians 5:31 "For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and shall be joined unto his wife, and they two shall be one flesh."
Aspect5, Philippians 1:22 "But if I live in the flesh, this is the fruit of my labour: yet what I shall choose I wot not."
Aspect5, Philippians 1:24 "Nevertheless to abide in the flesh is more needful for you."
Aspect5, Philippians 2:3 "Let nothing be done through strife or vainglory; but in lowliness of mind let each esteem other better than themselves."
Aspect5, Colossians 2:5 "For though I be absent in the flesh, yet am I with you in the spirit, joying and beholding your order, and the stedfastness of your faith in Christ."
Aspect5, Colossians 4:9 "With Onesimus, a faithful and beloved brother, who is one of you. They shall make known unto you all things which are done here."
Aspect5, Colossians 4:18 "The salutation by the hand of me Paul. Remember my bonds. Grace be with you. Amen."
Aspect5, 1 Thessalonians 5:10 "Who died for us, that, whether we wake or sleep, we should live together with him."
Aspect5, 2 Thessalonians 3:17 "The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, which is the token in every epistle: so I write."
Aspect5, 1 Timothy 1:5 "Now the end of the commandment is charity out of a pure heart, and of a good conscience, and of faith unfeigned:"
Aspect5, 2 Timothy 4:6 "For I am now ready to be offered, and the time of my departure is at hand."
Aspect5, Titus 3:5 "Not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according to his mercy he saved us, by the washing of regeneration, and renewing of the Holy Ghost;"
Aspect5, Hebrews 1:13 "But to which of the angels said he at any time, Sit on my right hand, until I make thine enemies thy footstool?"
Aspect5, Hebrews 4:13 "Neither is there any creature that is not manifest in his sight: but all things are naked and opened unto the eyes of him with whom we have to do."
Aspect5, Hebrews 8:1 "Now of the things which we have spoken this is the sum: We have such an high priest, who is set on the right hand of the throne of the Majesty in the heavens;"
Aspect5, Hebrews 9:12 "Neither by the blood of goats and calves, but by his own blood he entered in once into the holy place, having obtained eternal redemption for us."
Aspect5, Hebrews 11:38 "(Of whom the world was not worthy:) they wandered in deserts, and in mountains, and in dens and caves of the earth."
Aspect5, Hebrews 12:9 "Furthermore we have had fathers of our flesh which corrected us, and we gave them reverence: shall we not much rather be in subjection unto the Father of spirits, and live?"
Aspect5, Hebrews 12:16 "Lest there be any fornicator, or profane person, as Esau, who for one morsel of meat sold his birthright."
Aspect5, Hebrews 12:17 "For ye know how that afterward, when he would have inherited the blessing, he was rejected: for he found no place of repentance, though he sought it carefully with tears."
Aspect5, James 2:10 "For whosoever shall keep the whole law, and yet offend in one point, he is guilty of all."
Aspect5, 1 Peter 1:24 "For all flesh is as grass, and all the glory of man as the flower of grass. The grass withereth, and the flower thereof falleth away:"
Aspect5, 1 Peter 2:22 "Who did no sin, neither was guile found in his mouth:"
Aspect5, 1 Peter 3:3 "Whose adorning let it not be that outward adorning of plaiting the hair, and of wearing of gold, or of putting on of apparel;"
Aspect5, 1 Peter 4:3 "For the time past of our life may suffice us to have wrought the will of the Gentiles, when we walked in lasciviousness, lusts, excess of wine, revellings, banquetings, and abominable idolatries:"
Aspect5, 1 Peter 5:3 "Neither as being lords over God's heritage, but being ensamples to the flock."
Aspect5, 2 Peter 1:5 "And beside this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue; and to virtue knowledge;"
Aspect5, 2 Peter 1:6 "And to knowledge temperance; and to temperance patience; and to patience godliness;"
Aspect5, 2 Peter 1:21 "For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man: but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost."
Aspect5, 2 Peter 2:3 "And through covetousness shall they with feigned words make merchandise of you: whose judgment now of a long time lingereth not, and their damnation slumbereth not."
Aspect5, 2 Peter 2:16 "But was rebuked for his iniquity: the dumb ass speaking with man's voice forbad the madness of the prophet."
Aspect5, 2 Peter 3:10 "But the day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night; in the which the heavens shall pass away with a great noise, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat, the earth also and the works that are therein shall be burned up."
Aspect5, Jude 1:24 "Now unto him that is able to keep you from falling, and to present you faultless before the presence of his glory with exceeding joy,"
Aspect5, Revelation 1:14 "His head and his hairs were white like wool, as white as snow; and his eyes were as a flame of fire;"
Aspect5, Revelation 3:5 "He that overcometh, the same shall be clothed in white raiment; and I will not blot out his name out of the book of life, but I will confess his name before my Father, and before his angels."
Aspect5, Revelation 5:1 "And I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within and on the backside, sealed with seven seals."
Aspect5, Revelation 5:3 "And no man in heaven, nor in earth, neither under the earth, was able to open the book, neither to look thereon."
Aspect5, Revelation 5:4 "And I wept much, because no man was found worthy to open and to read the book, neither to look thereon."
Aspect5, Revelation 5:7 "And he came and took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne."
Aspect5, Revelation 9:7 "And the shapes of the locusts were like unto horses prepared unto battle; and on their heads were as it were crowns like gold, and their faces were as the faces of men."
Aspect5, Revelation 9:21 "Neither repented they of their murders, nor of their sorceries, nor of their fornication, nor of their thefts."
Aspect5, Revelation 10:2 "And he had in his hand a little book open: and he set his right foot upon the sea, and his left foot on the earth,"
Aspect5, Revelation 10:5 "And the angel which I saw stand upon the sea and upon the earth lifted up his hand to heaven,"
Aspect5, Revelation 12:8 "And prevailed not; neither was their place found any more in heaven."
Aspect5, Revelation 14:8 "And there followed another angel, saying, Babylon is fallen, is fallen, that great city, because she made all nations drink of the wine of the wrath of her fornication."
Aspect5, Revelation 14:12 "Here is the patience of the saints: here are they that keep the commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus."
Aspect5, Revelation 14:14 "And I looked, and behold a white cloud, and upon the cloud one sat like unto the Son of man, having on his head a golden crown, and in his hand a sharp sickle."
Aspect5, Revelation 14:16 "And he that sat on the cloud thrust in his sickle on the earth; and the earth was reaped."
Aspect5, Revelation 16:20 "And every island fled away, and the mountains were not found."
Aspect5, Revelation 17:10 "And there are seven kings: five are fallen, and one is, and the other is not yet come; and when he cometh, he must continue a short space."
Aspect5, Revelation 18:11 "And the merchants of the earth shall weep and mourn over her; for no man buyeth their merchandise any more:"
Aspect5, Revelation 19:12 "His eyes were as a flame of fire, and on his head were many crowns; and he had a name written, that no man knew, but he himself."
Aspect5, Revelation 19:14 "And the armies which were in heaven followed him upon white horses, clothed in fine linen, white and clean."
Aspect5, Revelation 19:17 "And I saw an angel standing in the sun; and he cried with a loud voice, saying to all the fowls that fly in the midst of heaven, Come and gather yourselves together unto the supper of the great God;"
Aspect5, Revelation 19:18 "That ye may eat the flesh of kings, and the flesh of captains, and the flesh of mighty men, and the flesh of horses, and of them that sit on them, and the flesh of all men, both free and bond, both small and great."
Aspect5, Revelation 20:11 "And I saw a great white throne, and him that sat on it, from whose face the earth and the heaven fled away; and there was found no place for them."
Aspect5, Revelation 21:1 "And I saw a new heaven and a new earth: for the first heaven and the first earth were passed away; and there was no more sea."
Aspect5, Revelation 21:4 "And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; and there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain: for the former things are passed away."
Aspect5, Revelation 21:18 "And the building of the wall of it was of jasper: and the city was pure gold, like unto clear glass."
Aspect5, Revelation 22:10 "And he saith unto me, Seal not the sayings of the prophecy of this book: for the time is at hand."
